johnsonville sausage is a sausage company headquartered in sheboygan falls , wisconsin . founded in 1945 , it is one of the largest sausage producers in the united states and the largest sausage brand by revenue in the united states . johnsonville sausage is available in more than 35 countries . privately owned , the company has approximately 1,400 employees .
joel hietala , better known as jole , is a finnish indie game developer , graphic designer and composer . he has been featured in the finnish media for both game development and composing . he also created the official mobile application for europes largest christian youth event , maata nkyviss festival . his first release was delirium , a horror maze game built around the idea of finding a way out of the massive maze .
vernon kilns was an american ceramic company in vernon , california . in july 1931 , faye g. bennison purchased the former poxon china pottery renaming the company vernon kilns . poxon china was located at 2300 east 52nd street . vernon produced ceramic tableware , art ware , giftware , and figurines . the company closed its doors in 1958 . vernon kilns was one of the big five california potteries .
odersun was a german photovoltaic company that developed and manufactured cigs cells on a flexible copper backing , specifically designed for building-integrated photovoltaics . the insolvent company went into administration on 1 june 2012 and filed for bankruptcy . odersun employed more than 320 people in production , research and management in frankfurt an der oder , frstenwalde and berlin , germany .
indy aircraft limited is an american aircraft manufacturer based in independence , iowa . the company specializes in the manufacture of ultralight aircraft in the form of kits for amateur construction . the company traces its lineage to teratorn aircraft , which was formed in 1976 in clear lake , iowa and which introduced the teratorn tierra and teratorn tierra ii aircraft designs in 1983 .
dominos pizza , inc. , now branded simply as dominos , is an american pizza restaurant chain founded in 1960 . the corporation is headquartered at the dominos farms office park in ann arbor , michigan . in february 2018 , the chain became the largest pizza seller worldwide , and in the united states , in terms of sales .
union bank of colombo plc , commonly referred to as ubc , is a commercial bank in sri lanka . it is licensed by the central bank of sri lanka , the central bank and national banking regulator .
rockport national bank was a bank based in rockport , massachusetts . in 2014 , it was acquired by institution for savings . it had 4 branches .
the banco pichincha is the largest private bank in ecuador , by capitalization and by number of depositors . it is the primary bank of the pichincha group , a business group that includes the companies associated with the bank and businesses related to fidel egas grijalva and his family , which include diners club of ecuador , picaval and teleamazonas .
sino gold mining limited or sino gold was a gold mining company headquartered in sydney and conducting most of their mining operations in jilin , heilongjiang , guizhou , and shaanxi provinces in the peoples republic of china . in addition to being listed on the australian stock exchange , they completed a listing on the hong kong stock exchange , with morgan stanley appointed as financial advisor early in its history .
canadian race relations foundation is a charitable organization and crown corporation responsible to foster racial harmony and cross-cultural understanding and help to eliminate racism in canada . the foundation was opened in november 1997 , after the bill establishing it received royal assent on february 1 , 1991 . the foundation operates at arms length from the government and is a registered charity .
expo or expotv is a consumer-oriented video platform run by expo communications , inc. , a new yorkbased company . the companys main website features video product reviews submitted by community members called videopinions as well as how-to video content and market research videos . as of march , 2010 , over 300,000 videos were available on the site . expo distributes these videos to various consumer destinations including manufacturer sites , retail websites , and social network platforms .
bentley motors limited -LRB- -RRB- is a british manufacturer and marketer of luxury cars and suvsand a subsidiary of volkswagen ag since 1998 . headquartered in crewe , england , the company was founded as bentley motors limited by w. o. bentley in 1919 in cricklewood , north londonand became widely known for winning the 24 hours of le mans in 1924 , 1927 , 1928 , 1929 , 1930 , and 2003 . prominent models extend from the historic sports-racing bentley 4 litre and bentley speed six .
eventplan limited was formed in 2000 . it is a modest-sized uk-based historical events company that specializes in staging a limited number of living history and live re-enactment displays each year including for the national trust , local councils and individual historic properties . it is directed by eleanore hill-bruce since january 2016 with many years of previous event experience previously .
the northern counties motor & engineering company was an english builder of bus and coach bodywork based in wigan .
gustavs renpreis bicycle factory was a manufacturer of bicycles and bicycle parts in riga , latvia . the factory was founded in 1927 and continued in private operation until 1942 . prior to world war ii it grew to become the largest and most important bicycle factory in baltic states . after the war , the factory was nationalized by the soviet union and became the largest bicycle factory in the latvian ssr as the red star riga bicycle factory .
silver air was a charter airline based in djibouti city , the capital of djibouti . it ceased operations in 2009 .
fabryka samochodw osobowych , commonly known as fso , was a polish automobile manufacturer , located in warsaw . in 2011 the factory ceased production of cars as a result of the global crisis and the entry into force of the free trade treaty , as a result of which cars imported from south korea into the eu are exempt from 10 % duty since then , fso has been dealing with , among others production of automotive subassemblies .
crea-tech is a japanese video game developer that is located in koto , tokyo , japan and was founded by hiroshi miyaoka in 1988 . the company is best known for developing the role-playing video game series metal max . they also developed many board games . the company develops console games mainly , but also have some computer games and mobile games .
revue noire is a specialist publisher of books and web material relating to african contemporary art and culture , based in france . from 1991 to 2001 , editions revue noire published the printed quarterly magazine revue noire . since 2001 it has specialized in books , exhibitions , and online content .
7-eleven is a japanese-owned american international chain of convenience stores , headquartered in irving , texas . the chain was known as totem stores until it was renamed in 1946 . its parent company , seven-eleven japan co. , ltd. , operates , franchises , and licenses some 64,319 stores in 18 countries as of january 2018 . . seven-eleven japan is headquartered in chiyoda , tokyo . seven-eleven japan is held by the seven & i holdings co.
inlayfilm is a russian computer animation studio headquartered in moscow , russia . their production facilities are located in voronezh . the studio was founded in 2007 by alexander ligay and sergey rapoport . it specializes in creation and production of 3d and 2d full-length animation features and films for children .
rmn is the largest radio network in the philippines with almost 65 company-owned am & fm radio stations located around the country . radio mindanao network remains the legal name of the radio network . the networks first radio station was dxcc , established in cagayan de oro in mindanao on august 28 , 1952 .
grupo financiero galicia is a financial services holding company based in buenos aires , and its banking operations are the fifth largest in argentina , as well as the largest among all domestically-owned private banks in the country .
august cinema is an indian film production and distribution company found by actor prithviraj sukumaran along with director-cinematographer santosh sivan and entrepreneur shaji nadesan . actor arya joined with the company . formed in 2010 , head office of august cinema is situated in trivandrum , kerala . in june 2017 prithviraj announced through facebook that he will not be the part of the company any more .
express coach builders is an australian bus bodybuilder in macksville .
the milwaukee electric tool corporation is a brand of techtronic industries , along with aeg , ryobi , hoover , dirt devil and vax . it produces corded and cordless power tools , hand tools , pliers , hand saws , cutters , screwdrivers , trims , knives , and tool combo kits .
thrombolytic science international is a private , clinical stage biopharmaceutical company that was founded in 2006 based on the research of harvard scientist victor gurewich into the potential use of the urokinase to break up blood clots .
coraid , inc. is a computer data storage vendor that provides storage area network products that use ethernet , headquartered in athens , georgia .
jsc meteor plant is a russian-based producer of frequency control products , .
fablok is a polish manufacturer of locomotives , based in chrzanw . until 1947 the official name was the first factory of locomotives in poland ltd. , fablok being a widely used syllabic abbreviation of fabryka lokomotyw . it is now named bumar - fablok s.a. . fablok is located in the town of chrzanw in lesser poland . as of 2009 , fablok no longer builds new locomotives .
tamil nadu industrial explosives limited is a state-government undertaking of government of tamil nadu located in the indian state of tamil nadu . it is industrial explosives manufacturer . the industrial explosives project is located in the panamadangi reserve forest , vandaranthangal / dharapadavedu villages , katpadi , vellore-59 . tamil nadu industrial explosives limited board is headed by a senior ias officer .
sociedad comercial del plata is a diversified argentine holding company , with interests primarily in the energy , rail transport , real estate , and tourism sectors .
dori media group is a production company founded by the argentineisraeli businessman yair dori . it has headquarters in tel aviv and in buenos aires .
evercore is a global independent investment banking advisory firm founded in 1995 by roger altman , david offensend , and austin beutner . evercores investment banking business advises its clients on mergers and acquisitions , divestitures , restructurings , financings , public offerings , private placements and other strategic transactions and also provides institutional investors with macro and fundamental equity research , sales and trading execution .
marathon enterprises , inc. is a major regional supplier of meats and gourmet delicatessen products to the food service industry in the new york city metropolitan area . headquartered in englewood , new jersey , it is a private corporation , and sells its products under the sabrett brand name .
israel aerospace industries or iai -LRB- -RRB- is israels prime aerospace and aviation manufacturer , producing aerial and astronautic systems for both military and civilian usage . it has 16,000 employees as of 2013 . iai is wholly owned by the government of israel . iai designs and builds civil aircraft , drones , fighter aircraft , missile , avionics , and space-based systems .
great southern wood preserving , inc. based in abbeville , alabama , is a manufacturer of lumber products . founded in 1970 , great southern wood has 15 plants located in alabama , arkansas , florida , georgia , mississippi , missouri , louisiana , maryland , virginia , pennsylvania , and texas .
microgame s.p.a. is an italian online gambling joint-stock company . the company operates both as an application service provider and developer of online platforms and integrated systems of service , and through the online community peoples poker network , which is made of more than 130 online partners in all italy and counts more than 1.5 million gaming accounts .
holm may refer to : holm , holm is a band from milton keynes , england , founded by singer-songwriter , freddy armstrong . holm , a place-name for islands in areas with scandinavian influence especially river islets or land bounded by water . holm oak or quercus ilex , a tree . also found as a placename element in southern england such as holmbush . holm .
caloi is a major brazilian manufacturer of bicycles and bicycle equipment , along with motorized cycles like the past mobilette models , based in so paulo . in the 1960s , caloi achieved some popularity producing folding bicycles .
not to be confused with formosa plastics corp , the namesake publicly listed subsidiary . formosa plastics group is a titular taiwanese conglomerate of diverse interests , including biotechnology , petrochemical processing and production of electronics components . the company was founded by wang yung-ching and is chaired by lee chih-tsuen .
aygaz is turkeys 14th largest industrial organization according to the listing by istanbul chamber of commerce . it is majority-owned by the ko group , and partly floated on the istanbul stock exchange . aygaz brings together the energy firms of the ko group outside the oil and refinery sector . its subsidiary portfolio ranges from lpg trade to electricity and natural gas .
terex corporation is an american worldwide manufacturer of lifting and material handling solutions for a variety of industries , including construction , infrastructure , quarrying , recycling , energy , mining , shipping , transportation , refining and utilities . the companys major business segments include aerial work platforms , construction , cranes , material handling & port solutions and materials processing .
china cosco holdings company limited was established in the peoples republic of china in 2005 . it is the listed flagship and a subsidiary of china ocean shipping company , the largest integrated shipping company in china and the second largest in the world .
garajonay express was a ferry company in the canary islands which ceased operating in november 2008 . the firm was named after the national park garajonay on the island of la gomera . see article : garajonay national park .
nets group or nets is a nordic-based payment service provider . the company has been known as nets since 2010 , but has a history that goes back to 1968 . nets have more than 2400 employees working in five countries . the head quarter is located in copenhagen , but the company also has sites in oslo , stockholm , helsinki and tallinn . the customers of nets are banks , businesses , merchants and the public sector .
doosan lentjes gmbh is part of doosan power systems s.a. , a subsidiary of doosan heavy industries & construction . it is a specialist engineering , design and construction business that provides proprietary waste-to-energy services and technologies , circulating fluidised bed boiler technologies and air quality control systems to the thermal power generation , industrial and municipal sectors . doosan lentjes main headquarters are in ratingen , germany .
kaieteur news is a privately owned daily newspaper published in guyana , south america . kaieteur news columnists include freddie kissoon , stella ramsaroop , adam harris , and an anonymous columnist who goes by the nom de plume peeping tom .
highland superstores was an american consumer electronics and home appliance chain . it was founded in 1933 as highland appliance by harry mondry in highland park , michigan . by the end of the 1970s , the chain had 18 stores throughout the midwest with headquarters in plymouth , michigan . the chain went public in 1985 , at which point it was the second-largest american electronics retailer behind circuit city .
goodwin steel castings limited is a heavy engineering firm located in stoke on trent , staffordshire , england . the company specialises in the production of large , bespoke , machined steel castings .
headquartered in joplin , missouri , and originally named cfi , inc. , con-way truckload was the truckload division of con-way , inc. con-way truckload was purchased by canada-based transforce in late 2016 , was set up as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary , and was renamed back to cfi . publicly traded , transforce operates across canada and the united states through its various subsidiaries .
herbal magic is a canadian weight loss and nutrition company based in toronto , ontario . operating through a network of approximately 150 weight loss and nutrition centres across canada , herbal magic is canadas largest commercial weight loss company . the program includes one-on-one personal coaching , natural health products and grocery store bought food .
wilmington trust is one of the top 10 largest us institutions by fiduciary assets . wilmington trust is currently a provider of international corporate and institutional services , investment management , and private banking , and is renowned for its prestigious brand and services . the firm was founded on july 8 , 1903 , as a banking , trust , and safe deposit company by dupont president t. coleman du pont . in 2010 , it became a subsidiary of m & t bank .
ibm lotus sametime unyte is a family of web-delivered , web conferencing and online collaboration services provided by ibm . its remote services include lotus sametime unyte share , lotus sametime unyte meeting and lotus sametime unyte events . lotus sametime unyte meeting and events are also offered as part of lotuslive .
virgin vacations is the inclusive tour arm of virgin atlantic airways featuring land components in combination with virgin atlantic air to london . it was initially established in 1994 . in may 2002 , virgin vacations became a separate company after partnering with other airline carriers traveling to various worldwide destinations . virgin vacations offers travel packages to europe , asia , the south pacific , central america , south america , and south africa .
west channel is a greek local channel which broadcasts from the city of kozani for the periphery of west macedonia . it was created and launched in april 1991 by the lawyer vicky papafilippou and the businessman and benefactor zissis dardalis . the two founders had a common dream : the creation of a channel of communication between the residents of western macedonia and these who live in thessaloniki and athens .
dean foods is an american food and beverage company and the largest dairy company in the united states . headquartered in dallas , texas , the company maintains plants and distributors in the united states . dean foods has 66 manufacturing facilities in 32 u.s. states and distributes its products across all 50 . the companys 58 brands include dairypure , trumoo , friendlys , mayfield , deans , meadow gold , tuscan and alta dena .
amrutanjan healthcare limited is an indian pharmaceutical company established by kasinadhuni nageswara rao in mumbai in 1893 .
sogna is a now defunct eroge/bishjo company from japan . originally created in the early 1990s , sogna became well known for appealing , simple and well-animated eroges that have received a moderate cult following . each game generally features young japanese girls who , in one way or another , find themselves either kidnapped or attacked by monsters , cyborgs , or aliens or are just men or women lacking in moral fibre .
studebaker-worthington was a diversified american manufacturer created in 1967 through a merger of studebaker , wagner electric and worthington corporation . the company was in turn acquired by mcgraw-edison in 1979 .
teknekron corporation is one of the worlds first technology-focused business incubators . teknekron was founded in berkeley , ca in 1968 by harvey wagner and several uc berkeley professors , including george turin , d.sc. , a professor of electrical engineering and computer sciences who served as vice president of technology . by 1991 it had grown to $ 225 million in revenue , a 40 % annual rate of growth . . the company is registered in the tax shelter of incline village in nevada .
xcite energy is an oil company based in the united kingdom . the companys main asset is the bentley heavy oil field in the north sea , although it also has a number of smaller assets included in license p. 1979 , located near to the bentley oil field .
whittle shortline is a toy company owned and operated in the united states .
two river consulting , llc is a new york-based venture capital firm and merchant bank focused on the life science sector . it specializes in investments in life science , biotechnology , and in firms focused on developing preventative and therapeutic technologies for a broad spectrum of disease areas including oncology , cardiovascular disease , neurological disorders , and companion animal health care .
basell polyolefins was a joint venture between basf and royal dutch shell . leonard blavatniks access industries acquired it from the venturers for $ 5.7 billion in august 2005 .
deep silver dambuster studios ltd. , doing business as dambuster studios , is a british video game developer located in nottingham , england . the studio was set up by deep silver on 30 july 2014 , as a successor to crytek uk , which closed the same day , and continued the development on homefront : the revolution .
elektrisk bureau or eb was a norwegian manufacturer of telecommunication equipment . it was founded in 1882 and lasted until 1993 when it became part of asea brown boveri . the company was located at billingstad in asker .
castar was a palo alto-based technology startup company founded in march 2013 by jeri ellsworth and rick johnson . its first product was to be the castar , a pair of augmented reality and virtual reality glasses . castar was a founding member of the nonprofit immersive technology alliance .
tokai tokyo financial holdings , inc. is a japanese financial services holding company headquartered in ch , tokyo . it is mainly involved in providing brokerage services through its subsidiary tokai tokio securities . tokai tokio securities was formed from a merger between tokai maruman securities and tokyo securities in 2009 . tokai maruman itself was the product of a merger between maruman and tokai in 1996 .
tolypers is a chemical and consumer goods company based in iran . the company produces laundry detergent under the same name , which is sold in iran and 17 other countries . the company also manufactures detergent powder , soaps , shampoos , dishwashing liquids , hand washing liquids , and toothpaste powders . the company was founded in 1971 and is based in tehran , iran . the company has been listed on the tehran stock exchange since 1997 .
m is the thirteenth letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
northern racing was a private company that owned ten horse racing courses and one golf course in the united kingdom . it was formed in 1998 by sir stanley clarke cbe , and after being listed on the alternative investment market , was owned privately by the reuben brothers . in 2012 , it was merged with arena leisure to form arena racing company .
cjsc aviastar-sp is a russian aircraft factory based in ulyanovsk and founded in 1976 . it is a closed shares joint stock company . it has replaced the soviet ulyanovsk aviation industrial complex and manufactures the cargo aircraft an-124 ruslan , il-476 and the whole tu-204 family .
centurytel of arkansas , inc. is a telephone operating company of centurylink providing local telephone services to arkansas , including ash flat , horseshoe bend , and mount pleasant . the company was founded in 1956 . the company is owned by centurylink , which used to be centurytel .
oxsensis ltd. is a british-based engineering business specialising in energy and aerospace equipment . oxsensis ltd. has developed dynamic pressure sensors that operate at temperatures greater than 1,000 c . this is a noteworthy technical achievement as existing piezoelectric-based pressure sensors are not capable of operating at temperatures beyond 650 c . this achievement can be considered significant for industries such as power generation and aviation .
pimsleur language programs -LRB- -RRB- is an american language learning company that develops and publishes courses based on the pimsleur method .
summit entertainment llc is an american film production and distribution company . it is owned by lionsgate and is headquartered in santa monica , california .
mecon limited , formerly known as metallurgical & engineering consultants limited is a public sector undertaking under the ministry of steel of the government of india . it began in 1959 as the central engineering and designing bureau of the hindustan steel limited , the first public sector steel company . subsequently , cedb grew as metallurgical and engineering consultant , a subsidiary of the steel authority of india limited in 1973 .
maxware as , was a leading global provider of identity management , virtual directory and federation solutions . its solutions serviced the diverse needs of large organisations looking to securely and efficiently access and manage identity information across distributed directories , databases and other data repositories . the company was located in norway , the united kingdom , australia and the united states .
furuno electric co. , ltd. . is a japanese electronics company whose main products are marine electronics , including radar systems , fish finders and navigational instruments . the company also manufactures global positioning systems , medical equipment and meteorological monitoring and analysis systems . furuno was founded in nagasaki , japan in 1938 and has subsidiaries in the usa , panama , europe and china .
wsfs financial corporation is a multibillion-dollar financial services company . its primary subsidiary , wsfs bank , is the oldest and largest locally managed bank and trust company headquartered in the delaware valley . wsfs operates from 76 offices located in delaware , pennsylvania , virginia , and nevada and provides comprehensive financial services including commercial banking , retail banking , cash management and trust and wealth management .
lavastorm is a global analytics software company based in massachusetts . the companys products are most often used by business analysts looking to take on more responsibility for data preparation and to build advanced analytics , or by it groups who are looking for more agile ways to provision governed data to business analysts .
cynapsus therapeutics inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing a drug to treat the motor symptoms of parkinsons disease . based in toronto , ontario , canada . formerly named cannasat therapeutics they changed their name to cynapsus therapeutics in 2010 . in september 2016 , sunovion announced it would acquire cynapsus therapeutics for approximately $ 624 million .
fox animation studios was an american animation production company located in phoenix , arizona . it was a division of 20th century fox animation . the studio closed in 2000 , after the financial failure of their third and final film , titan a.e. .
first business bank , also known as fbbank , was a commercial bank that offered financial services to individuals , professionals and businesses in greece . it was founded in november 2001 and bought the greek network of bank of nova scotia . the license of fbbank was revoked on 11 may 2013 and its assets and liabilities were bought by national bank of greece .
luxe is a technology company that develops , markets and operates the luxe mobile app , an on-demand parking and car services mobile application . using luxe , customers can submit a request to have their car parked , fueled , washed , charged , serviced or driven home by the companys valets . luxe was acquired by volvo cars in september 2017 .
magma design automation was a software company in the electronic design automation industry . the company was founded in 1997 and maintained headquarters in san jose , california , with facilities throughout north america , europe , japan , asia and india . magma software products were used in major elements of chip development , including : synthesis , placement , routing , power management , circuit simulation , verification and analog/mixed-signal design .
lbc nagham is a lebanese musical television channel and is lbc groups musical brand . launched in 2003 , as the brands name suggests , it is one of the first specialised music channels launched in the region .
the tamil nadu industrial investment corporation limited , limited is an institution owned by the government of tamil nadu and is intended as a catalyst for the development of small , medium and large scale industries in tamil nadu . it was established in 1949 .
cisco webex , formerly webex communications inc. , is a company that provides on-demand collaboration , online meeting , web conferencing and videoconferencing applications . its products include meeting center , training center , event center , support center , sales center , meetmenow , pcnow , webex aim pro business edition , webex weboffice , and webex connect . all webex products are part of the cisco systems collaboration portfolio .
door to door storage was a united states self-storage company which provided a self-storage box service for customers to fill at their premises . it was acquired in may 2017 by u-haul . the company delivers the storage boxes which customers load and then ships the boxes to their storage facilities . door to door storage was founded in kent , washington , in may 1996 by tim riley , a first-time entrepreneur who had previously worked for shurgard storage centers .
coliloquy is a digital publishing house based in san francisco , which specializes in interactive fiction . lisa rutherford and waynn lue co-founded the startup in january 2012 . coliloquy has published books from over 40 authors , among them stephen king , amy tan , and matt groening . in 2014 coliloquy was acquired by vook , a multimedia book publisher . vook itself changed its business strategy in 2015 and rebranded itself as pronoun .
brose fahrzeugteile gmbh & co. kg is an automotive supplier . the family-owned company has its headquarters in coburg , germany . in 2016 , the brose group developed and produced mechatronic components and systems for vehicle doors , seats and body at 60 locations in 23 countries worldwide . broses customers include more than 80 car manufacturers and other automotive suppliers . more than 25,000 employees worldwide working for the family-owned company .
bossalien is an award-winning game development based in brighton , uk . bossalien was founded by ex-employees of disneys black rock studio in june , 2011 . in july 2012 bossalien ltd was acquired by naturalmotion games ltd. in january 2014 zynga acquired naturalmotion . the most notable release to date is the free-to-play drag-racing game csr racing , which was released in june 2012 , on ios and later on android .
as citadele banka is a latvian bank and financial and asset manager . the principal market of operation for the citadele group is the baltic states . citadele is the exclusive cooperation partner of american express in latvia and lithuania , possessing the right to issue american express payment cards . citadele banka is the parent company of a group offering banking , financial and private capital management services in its home market and through its international presence .
wallace bishop is a specialty retailer of fine jewellery , timepieces and decorative arts in australia .
new york city ballet is a ballet company founded in 1948 by choreographer george balanchine and lincoln kirstein . balanchine and jerome robbins are considered the founding choreographers of the company . lon barzin was the companys first music director .
pyry is an international consulting and engineering firm that serves clients globally across the energy and industrial sectors and provides local engineering services in its core markets . its focus sectors are power generation , transmission & distribution , forest industry , chemicals & biorefining , mining & metals , transportation and water . it changed its name from jaakko pyry group in 2006 .
f.p. journe is a swiss high-end watch manufacture founded in 1999 and named after the founder , franois-paul journe . the only three-time winner of the aiguille dor grand prize from the fondation du grand prix dhorlogerie de genve , f.p. journe focuses on complex precision chronometers with a production of around 800 watches per year .
as ekebergbanen was a private company that built and operated the ekeberg line in oslo , norway . it was founded 27 march 1914 , and the line opened 11 june 1917 from stortorvet to ster . the company also built a line to simensbrten that was closed 29 october 1967 . ekebergbanen also operated buses in oslo .
penta-ocean construction co. , ltd. is a major japanese construction firm . it specializes in marine works and land reclamation . it originated from mizuno gumi -LRB- -RRB- in 1896 in hiroshima prefecture , and later renamed to the current name and capitalized in 1954 . it has offices in tokyo , singapore , hong kong , indonesia , malaysia , egypt , sri lanka , india , thailand , vietnam and dubai . the company is listed on the tokyo and nagoya stock exchange .
the manchester building society is a building society , which has its head office in manchester , england . its head office and only branch in manchester city centre at 125 portland street and it has many agencies around the country operating on its behalf . it is a member of the building societies association .
hungry for music is a charitable nonprofit organization located in washington , d.c. , that works to support music education and cultural enrichment , and acquires and provides musical instruments to underprivileged children around the world . hungry for music was founded and is directed by jeff campbell , and became a nonprofit 501 charity organization in 1994 . to date , the nonprofit has distributed thousands of free musical instruments to underprivileged children , groups and schools .
ratpac entertainment is an american motion picture production and financing company owned by producer-director brett ratner and access entertainment . ratpac was founded by ratner and billionaire james packer . ratpac is a partner in ratpac-dune entertainment with dune entertainment .
digicel play is a pay television provider , fixed line telephone pprovider and internet service provider owned and operated by digicel .
cleveland bridge over the river avon is a grade ii * listed building located in the world heritage site of bath , england . it is notable for the unusual lodges that adorn each corner in a style that could be likened to miniature greek temples .
db realty ltd. is a mumbai based , real estate development company and the flagship company of db group , established in 2006 . db realty ltd. has an expanding portfolio , currently consisting of 25 projects in and around mumbai and pune . the company focuses on various stages of planning and constructing residential and commercial properties as well as mass housing and cluster redevelopment projects .
asics is a japanese multinational corporation which produces footwear and sports equipment designed for a wide range of sports , generally in the upper price range . the name is an acronym for the latin phrase anima sana in corpore sano , which translates as healthy soul in a healthy body . in recent years their running shoes have often been ranked among the top performance footwear in the market .
leadcore technology is a chinese fabless semiconductor company that provides system-on-chip solutions for smartphones and tablets , specializing in the td-scdma and td-lte network standards used in china and in other countries . according to digitimes , in q2 2014 leadcore was the sixth-largest supplier of smartphone application processors in china with a market share of 3 % of all units , which represents unit shipments of about 3 million .
barentzymes as is a biotechnology company founded in 2013 and has its headquarters in troms , northern norway . it is the customer who defines the direction of barentzymes development activities .
joseph is a fashion brand and retail chain that was established in london by moroccan entrepreneur joseph ettedgui and his family in 1972 .
quayle munro is a merchant bank founded in edinburgh , scotland , in 1983 . the bank specialises in corporate finance advice . in 2012 the firm moved its headquarters to london .
great plains aircraft supply company is a united states aircraft manufacturer of experimental plans based primarily on the volkswagen air-cooled engine . great plains provides vw engine conversions for use in experimental aircraft . great plains has been selling and manufacturing conversions of vw engines since circa 1982 . among their offerings is the great plains type 1 front drive engine series . great plains also holds the rights to the sonerai series of aircraft designed by john monnett .
disneynature is an independent film unit of walt disney studios that produces nature documentary films . the production company was founded on april 21 , 2008 and is headquartered in paris , france . heading the unit is disney veteran jean-francois camilleri , who also serves as senior vice president and general manager for walt disney studios motion pictures france .
ananda is a privately owned indian dairy product manufacturer , based at bulandshahr , in the state of uttar pradesh .
vestel is a turkish home and professional appliances manufacturing company consisting of 18 companies specialised in electronics , major appliances and information technology . vestels headquarters and production plant are located in manisa , while the companys parent conglomerate is the istanbul based zorlu holding . vestel , together with its subsidiary brands has a significant share in the european market of consumer electronics and home appliances , in particular tv sets .
marsa maroc is the main operator of ports in morocco . its legal status is a socit anonyme with an executive board chaired by mohammed abdeljalil and a supervisory board chaired by the minister of equipment and transport . the official company name is socit dexploitation des ports while marsa maroc is its trading name .
the federal agricultural mortgage corporation , also known as farmer mac , is a stockholder-owned , publicly traded company that was chartered by the united states federal government in 1988 to serve as a secondary market in agricultural loans such as mortgages for agricultural real estate and rural housing . the company purchases loans from agricultural lenders , and sells instruments backed by those loans . the company also works with the united states department of agriculture .
nsu motorenwerke ag , or nsu , was a german manufacturer of automobiles , motorcycles and pedal cycles , founded in 1873 . acquired by volkswagen group in 1969 , vw merged nsu with auto union , creating audi nsu auto union ag , ultimately audi . the name nsu originated as an abbreviation of neckarsulm , the city where nsu was located .
the sakthi group is an indian conglomerate company with operational areas in india , china , europe , middle east and detroit , mi , usa . the group has operations in sugar , dairy , industrial alcohol , automobile distribution and components , transportation , energy , textiles , it , education and health care . n. mahalingam is the chairman . the group has automotive dealerships for leading brands of maruti suzuki and tata vehicles in various places in south india .
aarhus oliefabrik a/s was a company and oil mill in aarhus , denmark . established in 1871 it was one of the largest employers in the city through the late 19th and early 20th centuries . aarhus olie produced vegetable oil and press cakes for agricultural consumption , with large export markets in russia .
halyvourgiki hellenic steel industry s.a. has historically been one of the main steel producers in greece , and the second largest after viohalko . its huge , brightly colored facilities have almost become a landmark of the elefsina area .
hongkong chinese limited is a bermuda-incorporated hong kong listed company . it was the holding company of hongkong chinese bank , which was sold in 2002 . the listed company now engaged in real estate development in china and had properties in singapore . hongkong chinese limited is an indirect subsidiary of lippo capital , which was owned by indonesian entrepreneur mochtar riady and his family members . the chairman of hongkong chinese limited , stephen riady , is the son of mochtar .
pottinger is a global corporate advisory firm , which provides : assistance with the development of strategy and public policyadvice on mergers and acquisitions and similar transactionsadvice on infrastructureadvice on capital optimisation , financial structuring and capital raisingpottinger has expertise across a wide range of industries , including infrastructure and utilities , energy and resources , property , technology , media and telecomms , and financial services .
maxims caterers limited is a hong kong based food , beverage and restaurant chain 50 % owned by dairy farm international holdings limited . founded in 1956 , the company operates over 900 outlets in hong kong , china , cambodia and vietnam . these include bakeries , fast food shops restaurants and including owning licenses for starbucks coffee international , inc.
mckesson corporation is an american healthcare company distributing pharmaceuticals and providing health information technology , medical supplies , and care management tools . the company had revenues of $ 198.5 billion in 2017 . mckesson is based in the united states and distributes health care systems , medical supplies and pharmaceutical products .
heatherette was an american fashion company that closed in 2008 . it was founded in 1999 by club kid richie rich and traver rains . the pair first began designing t-shirts and leather goods . when rich wore one of their leather tops to a party , he caught the attention of a buyer at the downtown store patricia field .
the sfs group ag is a company specialised in mechanical fastening systems and precision formed components , headquartered in heerbrugg , switzerland . sfs achieved in 2017 a turnover of chf 1.63 billion with approximately 9500 employees worldwide .
penn schoen berland is a market research , political polling , and strategic consulting firm based in the united states . the firm is named for partners mark penn , douglas schoen , and michael berland . psb was founded in 1977 and acquired by the british-based wpp group in 2001 .
dolomiti energia s.p.a is an energy company in the field of electricity and natural gas headquartered in trento , italy . the company was established in 2009 . dolomiti energia employs about 1,300 people in italy . chairman of the board is rudi oss and chief executive officer is marco merler .
greenpalm is a certificate-trading program for sustainably produced palm oil . established in hull , england , in november 2006 , greenpalm is a trading name of book & claim ltd. , a wholly owned subsidiary of aarhuskarlshamn uk ltd.
endesa , s.a. is the largest electric utility company in spain . the firm , a majority-owned subsidiary of the italian utility company enel , has 10 million customers in spain , with domestic annual generation of over 97,600 gwh from nuclear , fossil-fueled , hydroelectric , and renewable resource power plants .
golden star resources ltd , is a mid-tier canadian gold mining company , with two producing gold mines in ghana , west africa . it has total historical production of over four million ounces of gold . it is a non-refractory producer with production that is expected to increase and operating costs that are expected to decrease due to the companys two high grade underground development projects coming on-stream by mid-2017 .
cdo-foodsphere inc. is a philippine meat processing company based in valenzuela , metro manila . the company was founded by corazon dayro ong on june 25 , 1975 . its products include sausages , hams , bacon , hamburger patties , loaves and sweet preserves . many of its products are marketed under the cdo brand name . in 2009 , the company ventured into the canned tuna and broke the monopoly by introducing corned tuna .
tgi fridays is an american restaurant chain focusing on casual dining . the company is a unit of the sentinel capital partners and triartisan capital partners , who purchased the company from carlson companies in may 2014 . the name is asserted to stand for thank god its friday , although as of 2010 some television commercials for the chain have also made use of the alternative phrase , thank goodness its friday . fridays is known for their unique dining and bar-side experiences throughout the world .
b or b is the second letter of the iso basic latin alphabet . it represents the voiced bilabial stop in many languages , including english . in some other languages , it is used to represent other bilabial consonants .
arctic glacier is a manufacturer of packaged ice in winnipeg , manitoba , canada . the company was founded in 1996 and has rapidly grown to become the largest producer of ice for the canadian market and one of the largest for the american market . the company operates 36 production and 50 distribution facilities , and employs more than 1,100 people year-round . employment increases to 2,400 employees during the summer to meet the increased seasonal demand .
ungagged is a search engine optimization and digital marketing conference . the purpose of the semi-annual event is to provide a platform for speakers to present uncensored content to audiences behind closed doors without recordings . ungagged is an international event , but to date all of the presentations , media and related content has been produced in the english language .
unitika ltd is a japanese company based in osaka , japan . primarily , the company produces various textiles , glass , plastics , and carbon fiber products . they are also known for their films , which are used in consumer products like athletic apparel and food packaging .
neisners or neisner brothers was a chain of variety stores in north america .
the golden state mutual life insurance building is a landmark 5-story , 84 m office building in the late moderne style built in 1949 as the headquarters for its namesake company . the building was designed by paul revere williams , the noted african-american architect . the building is located in the west adams district of south los angeles about 3.5 miles southwest of downtown los angeles and 2 miles northwest of exposition park and usc .
naturally fresh , inc. was founded in 1966 as eastern foods by robert h. brooks the founder of hooters of america to sell coffee and cream to the airline industry . it is currently one of the largest manufacturers of sauces and salad dressings in the united states . the company also manufactures dressings , sauces and dips for a number of different restaurants and institutions , including hooters .
the gaumont film company is a french mini-major film studio founded by the engineer-turned-inventor lon gaumont , in 1895 . it is the first and oldest film company in the world , founded before other studios such as path , titanus , nordisk film , universal and paramount pictures . the company headquarters are in neuilly-sur-seine , france .
republic steel was once the third largest steel producer in the united states . it was founded as the republic iron and steel company in youngstown , ohio in 1899 . after rising to prominence during the early 20th century , republic suffered heavy economic losses and was eventually bought out before re-emerging in the early 2000s as a subsidiary . the company currently manufactures special bar quality steel bars and employs around 2,000 people .
one by aol , formerly known as millenial media , is an advertising company that places display ads on mobile devices .
the walsh island dockyard and engineering works was a dockyard and engineering workshop established by the government of new south wales in 1913 , at walsh island , newcastle , australia . the foundation stone was laid on 15 june 1913 by arthur griffith , the minister for works .
el puerto de liverpool s.a.b. de c.v. , commonly known as liverpool , is a mid-to-high end retailer which operates the largest chain of department stores in mexico , operating 23 shopping malls including perisur and galeras monterrey . its 85 department stores comprise 73 stores under the liverpool name and 22 stores under the fbricas de francia name . it also operates 6 duty free stores and 27 specialized boutiques . its headquarters are in santa fe and in cuajimalpa .
avianca holdings is a latin american airline holding company formed in february 2010 by the merger of two airlines , avianca from colombia and taca airlines from el salvador . the company is a subsidiary of synergy group , a south american conglomerate based in rio de janeiro , brazil . avianca holdings s.a. is headquartered in panama city , panama .
akiba commercial bank is a commercial bank in tanzania . it is licensed by the bank of tanzania , the central bank and national banking regulator .
oneworld publications is a british independent publishing firm founded in 1986 by novin doostdar and juliet mabey originally to publish accessible non-fiction by experts and academics for the general market .
terrible herbst , or terrible herbst oil company , is a privately held gas station company based in paradise , nevada , united states . the company operates gas stations in nevada , california , utah and arizona .
urbanindo is an online real estate destination providing buyers , sellers and renters of properties throughout indonesia . founded in november 2011 , urbanindo provides a range of services to commercial real estate users , agents , owners , investors and developers to find their desired properties , such as keyword searches , map views , photo gallery and agent searches . the website combines property listing with market information and analytic that user need to make informed decision .
free is a french telecommunications company , subsidiary of iliad that provides voice , video , data , and internet telecommunications to consumers in france . its head office is in the 8th arrondissement of paris . free provides isp services in france and in the 30 oecd countries .
janaadhar pvt. ltd. is an affordable housing company co-founded in 2008 by ramesh ramanathan , who is also the owner of micro-finance company janalakshmi financial services , along with ramani sastri , cmd , sterling developers and naresh narasimhan , principal architect of venkataramanan associates .
nyu media ltd. is a video game publisher known for localizing japanese independent djin soft games into english . they were established in 2011 and released two batches of djin games that spanned genres including shoot em ups , beat em ups , platformers , adventure games , and action-rpgs .
the bowater mersey paper company limited , commonly shortened to bowater mersey , is a forestry company operating in the canadian province of nova scotia . from 1929 until june 2012 bowater mersey operated a thermomechanical pulp mill and associated paper mill producing newsprint located in brooklyn , nova scotia . annual production in 2011 was approximately 253,000 t of newsprint .
hangar 13 is an american video game developer based in novato , california , in the area of the former hamilton air force base . founded by haden blackman on december 4 , 2014 , as division of 2k games , the companys debut game was mafia iii , which was released in october 2016 . in 2017 , 2k czech was merged into hangar 13 , wherefore the studio received two additional studios in brno and prague another studio in brighton was opened in 2018 .
the japan atomic power company is a company initially formed to jump start the commercial use of nuclear power in japan , and currently operates two different sites . according to the official web site , japc is the only power company in japan solely engaged in nuclear energy . japc owns both units at the tkai nuclear power plant and the tsuruga nuclear power plant with plans to expand at tsuruga . the company is jointly owned by japans major electric utilities : .
sulake corporation ltd is a finnish video game company .
metinvest group is a vertically integrated group of steel and mining companies that manages every link of the value chain , from mining and processing iron ore and coal to making and selling semi-finished and finished steel products . it was established on 6 june 2006 by the scm holdings it controls 50 % of the iron ore market , 46 % of the baking coal market and 40 % of the metal products market in domestic market .
the pitcairn aircraft company was an american aircraft manufacturer of light utility aircraft . an early proponent of the autogyro , the company , later known as the autogiro company of america among other names , would remain in business until 1948 .
copaken brooks , formerly copaken , white & blitt is a privately-owned full-service commercial real estate developer headquartered in kansas city , missouri that acquires , develops , leases , manages and sells various types of commercial assets within the midwest for its clients and investors . the firm was founded by herman copaken in 1922 . in the 1950s , three brothers-in-law paul copaken , lewis white and irwin blitt took over the company .
agfa-gevaert n.v. is a belgian-german multinational corporation that develops , manufactures , and distributes analogue and digital imaging products and systems , as well as it solutions . the company has three divisions . agfa graphics offers integrated prepress and industrial inkjet systems to the printing and graphics industries . agfa healthcare supplies hospitals and other care organisations with imaging products and systems , as well as information systems .
codejock software is an american software development company specializing in software components to help facilitate rapid gui development using visual c++ , mfc , activex and . net framework technologies . the company is best known for their component libraries codejock toolkit pro for mfc -LSB- 3 -RSB- and codejock suite pro for activex -LSB- 4 -RSB- .
fond of gmbh , marketed as fond of , is a german manufacturer of sustainable , ergonomic backpacks . the startup company was founded by sven-oliver pink , florian michajlezko , oliver steinki and juliaan cazin in 2010 and is based in cologne .
cyberia is a west-asian isp that was established in 1995 by transmog inc. serving branches in lebanon , jordan , and saudi arabia . cyberia offers such as : adsl : a combination of phone and data signals on a phone line that allows internet connection to reach very high speeds . wireless broadband : the transfer of internet over a certain distance without using electrical conductors or any wires .
dfds lisco was a lithuanian ferry company that operated passenger and freight services across the baltic sea from lithuania to sweden and germany . following dfdss acquisition of norfolkline in 2010 . dfds lisco , norfolkline , dfds tor line have been rebranded as dfds seaways .
national bank of australasia was a bank based in melbourne . it was established in 1858 , and in 1982 merged with the commercial banking company of sydney to form national australia bank .
sterreichische post is the company responsible for postal service in austria . this company was established in 1999 after its split-off from the mail corporate division of the former telecommunications austrian concern post und telekom austria .
for cycle , motor-cycle , motor-car , aeroplane and airship companies associated with french industrialist adolphe clment-bayard - see clement . clment cycles or la socit des vlocipdes clment was a french bicycle manufacturer that was founded by the industrial entrepreneur adolphe clment known from 1909 as clment-bayard -RRB- .
full tilt poker is an irish online poker card room and online casino that opened in june 2004 . formerly privately owned by tiltware , llc and later by the rational entertainment group , the site was acquired by the stars group in a deal where amaya acquired all of rationals assets , including pokerstars . a statement by amaya said the takeover would not affect the activities of full tilt poker .
duart film & video is an american film and recording studio founded in new york city by al young in 1922 . duart has been involved with a number of films over its history , such as dirty dancing , the cider house rules and forrest gump , pioneering in a number of filmmaking technologies .
dockers is a brand of khaki garments and other accessories from levi strauss & co. levi strauss & co. , then specializing in denim , introduced the dockers brand in 1986 . dockers became a leading brand of business casual clothing for men under the leadership of bob siegel . in 1987 , dockers introduced a womens line . in 1993 the dockers brand was introduced into europe under the leadership of joe middleton . dockers makes belts , pants , leather wallets , shoes and other apparel .
mclaughlin may refer to : mclaughlin , surname of irish and scottish origin .
jackson is a manufacturer of electric guitars and electric bass guitars that bears the name of its founder , grover jackson .
fedbid , inc. is a privately held company based in vienna , virginia that operates a fully managed online marketplace designed to optimize how federal , state and local governments , and educational institutions purchase simple goods and services such as it products , office supplies and lab equipment , through a reverse auction-based platform .
ectaco inc. is a us-based developer and manufacturer of hardware and software products for speech recognition and electronic translation . they also make jetbook ebook readers .
the spaceguard foundation is a private organization based in frascati , italy , whose purpose is to study , discover and observe near-earth objects and protect the earth from the possible threat of their collision . the foundation is non-partisan , non-political and non-profit , and acts as the international organization grouping together the spaceguard organizations in various countries , as well as individual astronomers and organizations interested in the foundations activities .
felda global ventures holdings berhad is a malaysian-based global agricultural and agri-commodities company . with operations worldwide , fgv produces oil palm and rubber plantation products , soybean and canola products , oleochemicals and sugar products . its initial public offering in 2012 was the third largest in the world that year after facebook and biggest ipo in asia with $ 3.1 billion .
sherritt international is a canadian resource company , based in toronto , ontario . the companys business interests include nickel and cobalt mining , oil and gas exploration and production , and electricity generation . sherritt is one of the largest foreign investors in cuba .
mytilineos holdings s.a. is a greek-based industrial conglomerate whose companies are active in the sectors of metallurgy , energy and epc . the firm , which was founded in 1990 as a metallurgical company of international trade and participations , is an evolution of an old metallurgical family business which began its activity in 1908 .
allegis group , inc. is an international talent management firm headquartered in hanover , maryland , u.s. that provides staffing and workforce management services to clients in the it industry , sales and marketing , law firms , financial services , and human resource management . with us $ 11.2 billion in revenue in 2016 and 15,000 employees in offices throughout north america , europe , and asia , allegis group is the largest privately-held talent management company in the world as of 2017 .
banif financial group was a state-owned portuguese international financial services group associated with the banco internacional do funchal . in december 2015 banco santander totta , a subsidiary of santander group agreed to buy lending operations of portugals banif-banco internacional do funchal sa for 150 million euros . the company had a presence in europe , south america , north america , africa and asia .
moto morini is an italian maker of motorcycles . it was founded by alfonso morini in bologna , in 1937 . earlier , morini had also manufactured motorcycles together with mario mazzetti under the name mm . morini came under cagiva control in 1987 , then in 1996 came under texas pacific group , which had also bought ducati , and in april 1999 , the rights to the name were purchased by morini franco motori spa , a company founded by morinis nephew in 1954 .
gardaworld corporation is a canadian private security firm , based in montreal , quebec , canada , with 62,000 employees . gardaworld international protective services , now the international division of the company , began operations in 1984 . gardaworld security corporation was established by its owner stphan crtier in 1995 , who initially invested $ 25,000 in the company , then named trans-quebec security inc.
maxmind is a massachusetts-based digital mapping company that provides location data for ip addresses in the united states .
united parcel service is an american multinational package delivery company and a provider of supply chain management solutions . the global logistics company is headquartered in the u.s. city of sandy springs , georgia , which is a part of the greater atlanta metropolitan area .
gobi corporation is a mongolian cashmere manufacturer , established in 1981 . gobi is supplying 100 % cashmere , camel wool and yak down products in both as gobi brand and private label , customers in more than 30 countries around the world . domestically , gobi is the big and experienced cashmere brand , holding 66 % of domestic market share . gobi was opened officially after installing cashmere and camel wool processing machineries and completed its adjustments in 1981 .
the national freight corporation was a major british transport business between 1948 and 2000 . it was listed on the london stock exchange and at one time , as nfc plc , was a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
audiomachine is a production music company based in los angeles , california . the company was founded by paul dinletir and carol sovinski in august 2005 , producing music composed by paul dinletir and kevin rix .
the alfa romeo avio was an italian aviation company producing aircraft engines active since 1941 . it was founded as a division of alfa romeo but was sold to aeritalia in 1986 and then to fiat in 1996 . it was merged with fiat avio in 2003 as avio s.p.a. .
maple leaf foods inc. is a major canadian consumer packaged meats company . its head office is in toronto , ontario .
dickinson theatres was a privately-owned american movie theater chain based in overland park , kansas . it operated 15 theaters with 169 screens in seven states : arkansas , arizona , kansas , missouri , nebraska , oklahoma , and texas . in october 2014 , the chain was purchased by b & b theatres .
continental packaging solutions was an american packaging company . founded in 1936 , and headquartered in chicago , illinois until berlin packaging purchased the company in 2010 . the company was a member of the national association of container distributors .
auction co. is an online auction company based in south korea . it was acquired by ebay on january 8 , 2001 .
ticketbud is an event management , ticketing and registration saas platform for event organizers . the software allows event organizers to sell tickets to events and also to promote and market their events on facebook , twitter , and instagram . founded in 2009 in austin , texas , ticketbuds revenue is derived from a fee placed upon tickets sold through its software at $ 0.99 + 2 % of the tickets value per ticket .
ibm southeast employees credit union was formed in 1969 to serve the employees of ibm . ibmsecu is a state chartered , federally insured credit union with more than $ 1.09 billion in assets and more than 75,000 members . ibmsecu has 19 branches located throughout florida and georgia and approximately 240 employees . ibmsecus headquarters are located in delray beach , florida .
wec energy group inc. , based in milwaukee , wisconsin , provides electricity and natural gas to 4.4 million customers across four states through its brands we energies , wisconsin public service , peoples gas , north shore gas , michigan gas utilities and minnesota energy resources . wec energy groups headquarters is located at 231 w. michigan street in milwaukee . on 29 july 2015 , the company completed its acquisition of integrys energy group in a deal worth $ 9.1 billion .
credit card insider is a privately held syracuse , ny based consumer education company . the company provides reviews of credit cards , information about building credit , and tools to compare credit card products .
zandu realty limited is an international pharmaceutical company based in mumbai , india . companys core business of manufacturing and dealing in ayurvedic and medicinal preparations .
sinclair radionics ltd was a company founded by sir clive sinclair in cambridge , england which developed hi-fi products , radios , calculators and scientific instruments .
on power , is an icelandic power company , headquartered in reykjavk , that produces and sells electricity to industry and households by harnessing renewable , mainly geothermal , resources . on power also provides water for space heating in reykjavk and surrounding areas .
stada arzneimittel ag is a pharmaceutical company based in bad vilbel , germany which specializes in the production of generic and over-the-counter drugs . in 2014 , revenue totaled 2.06 billion . commonly known products produced by stada are stada-brand acetaminophen and lactulose , grippostad-c cold medicine and ladival sun protection products . stada - the health company is involved in various charity projects and sponsoring activities which include the support for dolphin aid e.
delta dental is the largest dental plan system in the united states . the delta dental plans association is composed of 39 independent delta dental member companies operating in all 50 states , the district of columbia and puerto rico . these member companies provide coverage to 68 million people , enrolled in over 120,000 groups .
triodos bank n.v. is a bank based in the netherlands with branches in belgium , germany , united kingdom and spain . it claims to be a pioneer in ethical banking . triodos bank finances companies which it thinks add cultural value and benefit both people and the environment . that includes companies in the fields of solar energy , organic farming or culture . the name triodos is derived from the greek - tri hodos , meaning three-way approach .
royal copenhagen , officially the royal porcelain factory , is a danish manufacturer of porcelain products and was founded in copenhagen on 1 may 1775 under the protection of the danish widow queen juliane marie . it is recognized by its factory mark , the three wavy lines above each other , symbolizing denmarks three seas : kattegat , nordsen and skagerrak .
bayliner is the worlds largest manufacturer of recreational boats . established in 1957 by orin edson , bayliner currently has over 400 dealers in over 60 countries around the world . the company operates as part of the brunswick boat group , a division of the brunswick corporation . bayliner was acquired by brunswick from orin edson in 1986 for $ 425 million .
the great northern brewery , on the carrick road , dundalk was an irish brewery home to harp lager , formerly owned by diageo . in 2015 the brewery closed and was redeveloped as a distillery by the irish whiskey company . production of harp lager was to be moved to st. jamess gate brewery in dublin .
abn amro bank n.v. is a dutch bank with headquarters in amsterdam . abn amro bank is the third-largest bank in the netherlands . it was re-established in its current form in 2009 , following the acquisition and break-up of the original abn amro by a banking consortium consisting of royal bank of scotland group , santander group and fortis . following the collapse of fortis , who acquired the dutch business , it was nationalized by the dutch government along with fortis bank nederland .
novo holdings a/s is the novo nordisk foundations wholly owned holding company for novo nordisk a/s and novozymes a/s . novo holdings a/s was established in 1999 and manages the foundations assets , which in 2016 was $ 60bn .
altogen labs cro is a contract research organization providing pharmacological discovery and drug development services . altogen labs main focus is cancer research , development of new medicines , and associated oncology cro research services .
news corporation is an american multinational mass media company , formed as a spin-off of the former news corporation focusing on newspapers and publishing . it is one of two companies which succeeded the former news corporation , alongside 21st century foxwhich consists of the old news corporations broadcasting and media properties , such as fox entertainment group .
independently owned and wholly committed , mdb communications is an american full service advertising and communications agency based in washington , d.c. founded in 1981 , the agency was named to inc. magazines inc. 500 list in 1998 and was also recognized on advertising ages top us agency brands by revenue in 2007 .
ina-industrija nafte , d.d. is a croatian multinational oil company . ina group has leading role in croatias oil business , a strong regional position in the oil and gas exploration and production , oil processing , and oil product distribution activities . ina , d.d. is a stock company with the hungarian mol group and the croatian government as its biggest shareholders , while a minority of shares is owned by private and institutional investors .
guangdong radio and television , commonly known as grt , is a major chinese radio and television network . the network is owned by the guangdong provincial government . the network is based in guangzhou , guangdong . grt was formed after the merge of guangdong television , radio guangdong , southern media corporation and television southern . grt is the largest cantonese radio network and the second-largest cantonese television network in the world behind hong kongs television broadcasts limited .
ebuddy is a privately held dutch software company that offers instant messaging services . as of 2011 . ebuddy reported 100 million downloads . the companys flagship service is xms , a proprietary cross-platform instant messaging service . after some changes of ownership , the company is now again owned by its original founders , onno bakker and jan-joost rueb .
droog is a conceptual dutch design company situated in amsterdam , netherlands . droog works with independent designers to design and realize products , projects , exhibitions and events . droog has worked with amongst others marcel wanders , hella jongerius , tejo remy , richard hutten , ed annink , jurgen bey and joris laarman .
ugc fox distribution was a french-american film production company formed in 1995 by joint venture between ugc and 20th century fox to produce and distribute films across france . throughout its time , ufd has come to produce such successful films as amlie . ufd also distributed many french-language 20th century fox films , as well as films by metro-goldwyn-mayer .
bache-gabrielsen is a brand of cognac that is over 110 years old . it is a medium size fourth generation family company that is present both on the scandinavian markets and elsewhere . today , it is the top selling cognac in norway , selling over one million bottles annually . bache-gabrielsens cognacs are popular in norway and has a large and active fan club .
general mills , inc. , is an american multinational manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores . it is headquartered in golden valley , minnesota , a suburb of minneapolis . the company markets many well-known north american brands , including gold medal flour , annies homegrown , betty crocker , yoplait , colombo , totinos , pillsbury , old el paso , hagen-dazs , cheerios , trix , cocoa puffs , and lucky charms .
edmundson electrical ltd is a privately held electrical distribution company headquartered in knutsford , cheshire , incorporated in 1991 . it is the largest electrical distributor in the united kingdom and serves both to the trade and to the public from over 300 locations . the company also serves ireland through a subsidiary , ewl electric ltd , as well as through mainland europe via its sister company , vink holdings .
robert half , most recently , robert half international , is an american human resource consulting firm based in menlo park , california . it is a member of the s & p 500 , and is credited as being the worlds first and largest accounting and finance staffing firm , with over 325 locations worldwide . in 2009 , the company was ranked first in the temporary help industry on fortune magazines list of worlds most admired companies , and was ranked 9th by global staffing revenue .
emaar properties is a real estate development company located in the united arab emirates . it is a public joint-stock company and is listed on the dubai financial market and has a valuation of $ 14.6 billion usd as of may 2017 . the company operates internationally providing property development and management services . with six business segments and 60 active companies , emaar has collective presence in 36 markets across the middle east , north africa , pan-asia , europe and north america .
vacation express is a tour operator based in atlanta , georgia . the company was founded in 1989 . vacation express was purchased by sunwing travel group in 2011 for an undisclosed sum . the company has sold over 2 million vacation packages .
meggitt plc is a british engineering business specialising in aerospace equipment . it has its headquarters at bournemouth airport in dorset . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
merrill edge is an online discount brokerage service provided by bank of america merrill lynch . launched on june 21 , 2010 , merrill edge is a part of bank of americas retail banking division . merrill edge was created to merge bank of america online investing and merrill lynchs research , investment tools , and call center counsel . when it was established , merrill edge had 500,000 bank of america customers .
oras oy is a finnish manufacturer of bathroom and kitchen faucets . the company was founded in rauma in 1945 by erkki paasikivi . oras is the fourth largest faucet manufacturer in europe , and it holds 3080 percent of the market share in finland . the company has two factories , which are located in olesno , poland and rauma .
zimbabwe united passenger company is a parastatal company in zimbabwe , which operates for urban and long-distance bus routes .
good-feel co. , ltd. is a japanese video game developer . good-feel began in hyogo , japan in 2005 and opened a production facility in tokyo . their main focus has been educational games for the nintendo ds , which have solely been released in japan . the games , the first of which was released in 2007 , consist of primers for young children and english language training for kids and adults .
rimi baltic is a major retail operator in the baltic states based in riga , latvia . it is a subsidiary of swedish group ica . rimi baltic operates 261 retail stores in estonia , latvia and lithuania and has distribution centres in each country . the stores have different profiles , depending on range of products and size : rimi hyper - hypermarketsrimi super - supermarketsrimi mini , supernetto - no frills supermarkets .
for the swedish film company , see ab svensk filmindustri . sf group is a cinema and entertainment venue operator in thailand . behind the combined operations of major cineplex and the egv chain , sf group is the second-largest cinema chain in thailand , with more than 350 screens in 30 locations .
hazama ando corporation , is one of the 10 biggest construction companies in japan . it was launched in 2013 by the merger of the hazama corporation and ando corporation . it has overseas networks in asia , especially in the south asian countries like nepal , as well as in the united states , mexico , central and south america .
prokennex is a taiwanese manufacturer of racquet sports equipment for tennis , squash , badminton and racquetball . the company enjoyed wide global distribution in the 1980s , when manufacturing in taiwan was booming due to domestic economic conditions . parent company kunnan enterprise ltd. has faced financial difficulties since the mid 1990s , leading to a contraction of the prokennex name globally .
kirby corporation , headquartered in houston , texas is the largest tank barge operator in the united states , transporting bulk liquid products throughout the mississippi river system , on the gulf intracoastal waterway , along all three u.s. coasts , and in alaska and hawaii . products transported by kirby include petrochemicals , black oil , refined petroleum products and agricultural chemical products by tank barge .
meo - servios de comunicaes e multimdia sa , headquartered in lisbon , is portugals first mobile communications company , both chronologically and in market share .
amedei is an artisan chocolate manufacturing company located in pontedera in the tuscany region of italy , considered to be one of the finest chocolate producers in the world . their products range from chocolate bars to truffles and pralines . their award-winning chocolate bars use single-origin and single varietal cocoa beans . one of their products , amedei porcelana , is known as the worlds most expensive chocolate .
blizoo was a bulgarian telecommunications operator . it was formed by merging two of the biggest television operators in the country eurocom cable and cabletel , in 2010 . it was acquired by mtel on 29 july 2015 . the two operators merged their tv offerings on 1 june 2016 , and then merged completely on 12 april 2017 .
the kolomna locomotive works is a major producer of railroad locomotives in russia . the plant started production in 1869 with a freight steam locomotive , one of the first in russia . in the czarist period before the russian revolution , kolomna was one of a very few producers in russia . during this period 139 types of steam locomotives were designed . the company is now a part of transmashholding .
albcontrol is a 100 % joint stock albanian company owned by the ministry of economic development , tourism , trade and entreprise . it was established as a state-owned enterprise in 1992 and on february 3 , 1999 it transformed into a joint stock company called the national air traffic agency . albcontrol manages and controls the albanian airspace , in compliance with international air navigation standards . it is a member of eurocontrol since 2003 .
the sterntalerhof was established in 1999 , as a necessity born of sheer need . a childrens hospice in the original sense of that term , namely a place where the whole family can find peace and tank up on strength to find their way back into everyday life . deacon peter kai and psychotherapist regina heimhilcher , founder of the sterntalerhof , bought a small farm in burgenland , austria , with their own savings and began work in 1999 as an independent nonprofit charity association .
net2phone provides voip and cloud computing-based telephony products and services . the company is a subsidiary of idt corporation .
friend finder networks is an american internet company founded in 1996 by andrew conru . its corporate headquarters are located in boca raton , florida , with additional offices in california , new york , and taiwan . the company primarily deals in adult entertainment , online dating , and social networking services .
lawley pharmaceuticals is a privately owned australian pharmaceutical company established by pharmacist michael buckley in 1995 . the company specializes in the manufacture of pharmaceutical-grade hormone replacement therapies and is focused on the development of testosterone and progesterone creams for the treatment of various endocrine deficiencies and medical conditions . in men these disorders include hypogonadism , klinefelters syndrome , low libido and castration .
lrn , founded in 1994 , is an american company specializing in advising and educating organizations like the nfl , dell , kelloggs and pfizer about ethics and regulatory compliance , as well as corporate culture , governance and leadership . the washington post reported in 1995 that lrns low overhead enabled the company to offer bargain prices to clients positioning the company to be disruptive to the legal industry . later evolved into a training , advisory and education firm .
be-ro is a food manufacturing business based in newcastle upon tyne .
live nation is an american events promoter and venue operator based in beverly hills , california . formed in 1996 by robert f. x. sillerman as sfx entertainment , the companys business was built around consolidating concert promoters into a national company . in 2000 , the company was sold to clear channel communications for $ 4.4 billion , and operated as clear channel entertainment until 2005 , when it was spun off as live nation .
limebike is a bicycle-sharing company based in san mateo , california . it operates dockless bicycle-sharing systems in several cities and college campuses across the united states , using a mobile app for reservations . limebikes service typically starts at $ 1/1 for a 30-minute ride on the traditional bikes , while its fleet of electric bicycles charge $ 1 to unlock , and $ 0.15 every minute .
breton s.p.a. is an italian privately held company established in 1963 . the company produces machines and plants for engineered stone and metalworking . machines and plants by breton can be used in diverse sectors such as die-making , aerospace , automotive , racing cars , energy , gears , general mechanics , stone processing and kitchen top manufacturing .
apollo vredestein b.v. is a netherlands-based tire manufacturer . in 2009 , it was acquired by apollo tyres ltd of india . apollo vredestein b.v. has its head office in amsterdam , the netherlands and its production facility in enschede . it designs , manufactures and sells tyres under the apollo and vredestein brand names via offices in europe and north america . vredestein products include car tyres , tyres for agricultural and industrial applications , and bicycle tyres .
golden harvest is a u.s.-based brand wholly owned by syngenta . syngenta markets hybrid corn seeds for agriculture under the brand . golden harvest seeds , inc. was founded april 23 , 1973 when seven companies in the 13-member funk g hybrids conglomerate decided to end their partnership with the latter . founding golden harvest seeds members included akin seed , columbiana seed , garwood seed , golden seed , j.c. robinson seeds , sommer bros. seed , and thorp seed .
snapshot games is an independent video game developer headquartered in sofia , bulgaria . snapshot games was founded in 2013 by julian gollop and david kaye . gollop is widely recognized for creating the x-com video game franchise in the 1990s with ufo : enemy unknown and x-com : apocalypse . gollop also is the ceo of snapshot games .
ginsters is a company based in callington in cornwall , in the south-west of england . the biggest selling pasty maker in the uk , it specialises in making mass-produced pasties , sausage rolls , sandwiches , pasta bowls and other savoury snacks .
belize electricity limited is the primary distributor of electricity in belize , central america . aggregate energy sold was approximately 541 gigawatt hours in 2016 . the company served a customer base of 90,635 accounts or 71,989 customers , with a peak power demand of approximately 96 megawatts during the year .
stantec inc. is an international professional services company in the design and consulting industry . founded in 1954 , as d. r. stanley associates in edmonton , alberta . stantec provides professional consulting services in planning , engineering , architecture , interior design , landscape architecture , surveying , environmental sciences , project management , and project economics for infrastructure and facilities projects .
orient group incorporation is a private-owned conglomerate engaged in finance , trading , construction , port , industry , tourism and property development . it is headquartered in harbin , heilongjiang , china . it was listed on the shanghai stock exchange in 1994 and it is the first heilongjiang-based a share listed in shanghai .
rayne is a british manufacturer known for high-end and couture shoes . founded in 1899 as a theatrical costumier , it diversified into fashion shoes in the 1920s . its biggest successes came when the grandson of the founders edward rayne took charge of the firm in 1952 , with further international expansion and strong markets in the united states and france . his input to the brand ended in 1987 , when rayne was sold to david and rosie graham .
ks kids is a developmental toy brand for aged 0-3 , the brand has developed toys that provide developmental benefits to kids in their early childhood since 1997 , selling to 65 countries as of 2017 . receiving over 100 international awards , ks kids toy is highly recommended by baby experts and marketers and their toys are not just toys but developmental tools for the young masters . ks kids develops a concept - learning triangle to explain the benefits of each of their toys .
cassanos pizza king , currently operating under the brand cassanos , is a pizzeria chain based in kettering , ohio , a suburb of dayton . established on june 4 , 1953 , by the kettering grocer victor vic j. cassano , sr.
orangesoda inc. is an internet marketing company . they focus on creating geo-targeted search engine marketing , search engine optimization , and pay per click campaigns . it is currently owned by deluxe corporation and based in kansas city , having moved operations from utah in 2015 .
comores aviation international is the flag carrier of the comoros . it is privately owned and operates domestic scheduled services , as well as charters mainly to tourist destinations in southern and eastern africa . its main base is prince said ibrahim international airport , moroni , with a hub at ouani airport .
jsc concern sozvezdie is the leading russian developer and manufacturer of electronic warfare , radio communications , electronic countermeasures systems and equipment . the organization is headquartered in voronezh and was founded on july 29 , 2004 by decree of the russian president .
changzhou changjiang bus was a bus manufacturer based in changzhou , jiangsu , china . changzhou changjiang was reported to be the largest bus builder in china . buses are manufactured under the changjiang brand . it was reported in 2007 that liaoning shuguang automotive group has taken over changzhou changjiang bus and merge the bus operations with huanghai bus .
ditsch is a german chain of pretzel bars also selling croissants and pizza snacks . it operates approximately 200 outlets in germany but over the 2010s it also traded in the united kingdom with up to 13 outlets there at its height .
banca pueyo is a traditional spanish bank founded in 1890 and located in villanueva de la serena - extremadura city , south-west of spain . the bank is called pueyo as the founding family and at the start it was a banking house serving as a regional bank . in 2015 the bank celebrated 125 years from the foundation , during which it opened 116 offices and today it employs about 276 people and serves to about 120,000 clients .
goophone is a manufacturer of smartphones , tablets and smart watches based in shenzhen , china . the company earned notoriety for releasing counterfeit clones of popular high-end smartphones such as the iphone and samsungs galaxy s series using off-the-shelf systems-on-a-chip from mediatek and the android operating system , often with user interfaces made to resemble the devices they imitate .
apparel 2000 llc , located in rockland , ma is an embroidery company based out of rockland , massachusetts , united states .
kunlun fight , is a chinese kickboxing promotion developed by kunsun media . kunlun fight debuted in 2014 and is regarded as one of the top kickboxing promotions in the world . kunlun fight is broadcast in mainland china on jiangsu television and on various local channels . the first event was held in pattaya , thailand on january 25 , 2014 . the promotion has since held over 20 events each year .
aluminum corporation of china limited , is a chinese company listed in hong kong sar and in new york . multinational aluminium company headquartered in beijing , peoples republic of china . it is the worlds second-largest alumina producer and third-largest primary aluminium producer .
boston properties , inc. , a self-administered and self-managed american real estate investment trust , is one of the largest owners , managers and developers of class a office properties in the united states , with a significant presence in five markets : boston , los angeles , new york , san francisco and washington , dc . the company was founded in 1970 by mortimer b. zuckerman and edward h. linde in boston , massachusetts , where it maintains its headquarters .
apothcure inc. is a dallas , texas-based compounding pharmacy that specializes in custom compounded formulas and nutritional supplements for both patients and physicians . the business began operations in 1991 . apothcure is a sister corporation of the texas institute of functional medicines .
eight roads ventures is a venture capital fund , with offices in china , india , japan and the uk . eight roads is the proprietary investment arm of fidelity international limited . the ventures arm of fil was formerly known as fidelity growth partners .
north shore music theatre is the largest operating regional theater in new england . it is located in beverly , massachusetts and is one of the few remaining theatre-in-the-round stages left in the united states . the theater is owned by massachusetts businessman bill hanney .
the oyster bay branch is a rail line and service owned and operated by the long island rail road in the u.s. state of new york . the branch splits from the main line just east of mineola station , and runs north and east to oyster bay . the branch is electrified between east williston and mineola .
ingenia technology , formed in 2003 , is an international security technology company and inventor of laser surface authentication , a technique used for brand protection , track and trace and document authentication .
lit motors inc. is a san francisco-based company that designed conceptual two-wheeled vehicles , including a fully electric , gyroscopically stabilized vehicle . founded by daniel k. kim in 2010 , lit motors designed concepts for two-wheeled vehicles with a focus on innovative technologies . they have released information about two projects : the aev often referred to as the c-1 and the kubo cargo scooter .
miditech pvt. ltd. is an indian television production company based in gurgaon , mumbai , and bangalore , india . it was founded in 1992 by brothers , niret alva and nikhil alva and is today a rs 50-crore television software company . the company creates documentaries and programming for television .
dafabet is a privately owned online gambling company based in makati , philippines . it is the flagship brand and subsidiary of asianbge , and is licensed and regulated by cagayan economic zone authority and first cagayan leisure and resorts corporation . dafabet operates a website that provides a secure service for customers to wager online .
people telecom is an australian telecommunications company and subsidiary of m2 group . it resells internet access and telephony services . it was founded in 2000 by ryan ohare and colin marland . in 2004 people telecom achieved stock market listing by doing a reverse takeover of swiftel ltd. people telecom was listed in the 2005 australian deloitte fast 50 list of growing companies . in august 2007 , john stanton took over as chief executive officer from founder ryan ohare .
fxmarketspace was a centrally cleared , global foreign exchange platform for the over the counter cash market . it was launched in may 2006 as a joint venture between reuters and the chicago mercantile exchange but they decided to close the platform in october 2008 as it had not attracted enough liquidity .
general bank of greece was a greek financier group that provided complete banking and financing services . it was founded in 1937 . the bank has been traded at the athens stock exchange since 26 january 1963 . the main shareholder of general bank of greece was the participial fund of army . in march 2004 the majority of shares was acquired by socit gnrale group and the name was changed from general bank of greece to geniki bank .
morphsuits is a company based in edinburgh , scotland . it distributes branded spandex costumes , based on the existing skin-tight garments , which cover the entire body . the company offers over 80 different designs . the company was founded by brothers ali and fraser smeaton , and their flatmate gregor lawson . after a year of running the company , the trio left their jobs at barclays , procter & gamble , and bt group .
ford brasil is the subsidiary of american automaker ford motor company , founded on april 24 , 1919 . the operation started out importing the ford model t cars and the ford model tt trucks in kit form from the united states for assembly in brazil . the ford brand , however , had already been present in the country since 1904 with both vehicles being sold in brazil .
china fire and security group is a company that specializes in selling fire protection products .
the general aeroplane company was detroits first commercial airplane builder . gac built three types of aircraft during the first world war and operated a flying school . the aircraft were the verville flying boat , the gamma s biplane with floats , and the gamma l biplane with wheels . all had engine installations driving pusher propellers .
fair for you is a british , not-for-profit online lending company . it is a community interest company set up to provide finance to families who do not have access to mainstream credit , so that they can purchase goods for their home directly from the manufacturers . the trading name of fair for you is fair for you enterprise cic , which is wholly owned by a charity of the same name , fair for you ltd.
fayve was a digital entertainment distribution service founded and developed by vulcan technologies , llc . it was launched on november 8 , 2012 , and ran as an app on ios for ipad owners , on google play for android tablets and on amazon for kindle tablets . the app was a movie and tv show discovery tool that aggregated content from netflix , hulu , hulu plus , amazon prime , amazon instant , redbox , youtube , vudu , crackle , itunes , xfinity , indieflix and fandango into one library .
nfl films is a mount laurel , new jersey-based company devoted to producing commercials , television programs , feature films , and documentaries for and about the national football league , as well as other unrelated major events and awards shows .
medochemie ltd is a multinational generics pharmaceutical and consumer healthcare company headquartered in limassol , cyprus . medochemie develops , licenses , manufactures , markets , and distributes branded generic products as well as their own patented brands .
bradford is in the metropolitan borough of the city of bradford in west yorkshire , england , in the foothills of the pennines 8.6 miles west of leeds , and 16 miles northwest of wakefield . bradford became a municipal borough in 1847 , and received its charter as a city in 1897 . following local government reform in 1974 , city status was bestowed upon the wider metropolitan borough .
umi hotels is a budget hotel chain based in leinster square in bayswater , london . they have hotels in london , brighton and moscow .
gs caltex is a south korean oil refiner . the company changed its name from lg-caltex oil corporation to gs caltex corporation on january 27 , 2006 . it is jointly owned by chevron and gs group . gs caltex was founded in may 1967 as the first private oil company in korea . gs caltex provides more than one-third of koreas oil needs and exports over 50 % of its products .
splash corporation is a filipino personal care and food company based in bonifacio global city , taguig .
coolpad group limited formerly known as china wireless technologies limited is a caymans-incorporated holding company . its major subsidiary yulong computer telecommunication scientific co. , ltd. , is a chinese telecommunications equipment company headquartered in shenzhen , guangdong . it was a large smartphone company in china and the largest chinese domestic brand by sales outside of china .
coyote point systems is a manufacturer of computer networking equipment for application traffic management , also known as server load balancing . the company introduced hardware-based server load balancers nearly simultaneously with other large companies such as f5 networks in the late 1990s . the company has its headquarters in san jose , california , and maintains engineering facilities in millerton , new york , usa .
joe public films is an independent video and filmmaking distributor which promotes human rights-related documentary films .
fan milk is a manufacturer and retailer of ice cream and frozen dairy products which has a leading position on the west african market . in 2013 , the abraaj group , a growth markets private equity investor acquired 100 % of the fan milk business in west africa .
rong bao zhai is an old stationery , calligraphy and painting shop in beijing , china . it is located in liulichang outside the hepingmen gate . it was founded in 1672 as the song zhu zhai , and adopted its current name in 1894 .
sichuan yema automobile co. , ltd. is a chinese automobile manufacturer which has built buses and automobiles under the yema brand since 2002 . the company was founded in the 1980s .
norwegian agricultural inspection service is a defunct norwegian government agency that was responsible for inspection of farms and agricultural facilities in the country . as of january 1 , 2004 it merged with a number of other agencies to create the norwegian food safety authority .
anglo american platinum limited is the worlds largest primary producer of platinum , accounting for about 38 % of the worlds annual supply . based in south africa , most of the groups operations lie to the northwest and northeast of johannesburg . a majority of the companys operations take place in the bushveld igneous complex , a large region that contains a range of mineral commodities including chromium , vanadium , titaniferous magnetite and platinum group metals .
the premier motor manufacturing company was organized in 1903 by george a. weidely and harold o. smith in indianapolis , indiana . the company built automobiles with air-cooled engines .
delete is a british digital creative agency based in london . its main headquarters are situated in soho , city of westminster , london , united kingdom . in addition to its uk bases of london and leeds , the company also operates in munich , germany . delete has numerous certifications , including being a microsoft partner , kentico gold partner and google partner .
ben dunne gyms is an irish chain of gyms , with nine locations in ireland and the uk . the company was founded in june 1997 when they opened their first gym in blanchardstown , dublin . originally a mid to high end full service health club chain , the company reevaluated the market and is now focused on providing no frills gym facilities at affordable prices . a typical ben dunne gym has facilities such as freeweights , resistance machines , cv machines and functional training zones .
ariel investments is an investment company located in chicago , illinois . it specializes in small and mid-capitalized stocks based in the united states .
visvim is a japanese menswear brand founded by hiroki nakamura in ura-harajuku in 2001 . the brand is headquartered in tokyo , japan , and has stores in japan and hong kong . visvim is also sold internationally in department stores and boutiques , such as bergdorf goodman in new york and dover street market in london . in addition to the main visvim line , nakamura designs a womenswear line called wmv , and a conceptual menswear line called f.i.l. indigo camping trailer .
patagonik film group is an argentine production company , dedicated to the making of feature films and film production services . a part of the clarn group , patagonik film group also assists in the production of international films that want to film in argentina . the company is also known for its visual effects design , computer animation , character design and compositing .
usiminas is one of the largest producers of steel in the americas , with major steel mills in brazil with a total capacity of 9.5 million metric tons of steel per year . the company accounts for 28 % of total steel output in brazil . usiminas has an installed capacity of producing 9.5 million tons of crude steel . the company also operates in the logistics sector through a stake in logistic company mrs logstica .
apollo-optik is a german optics company focusing on retail eyewear . it was founded 1972 in schwabach and is operating in 40 countries . it is the biggest optics company in europe .
livesquare entertainment is an entertainment company originating from bangladesh , founded in 2007 by entrepreneur nafis ahmed .
the coey-mitchell automobile company was an american automobile manufacturer that built the coey automobiles and operated a chain of american driving schools from 1913 to 1917 and was headquartered in chicago , illinois . the company was founded under the name coey-mitchell automobile company by charles a. coey . the coey family and their name come from northern ireland , where one still finds this name , for example in comber .
house of hackney is a clothing and interiors label specialising in british made goods with a store on shoreditch high street , based in the east london shopping district of central london . it plays on traditional english design and the products , with the exception of the italian bed linens , are made in britain .
the sanford-herbert motor truck company was a manufacturer of trucks in syracuse , new york .
obs gyeongin tv is a south korean regional television station covering gyeonggi province , incheon and , since 2011 , seoul . it is the only regional private terrestrial commercial television broadcaster in operation not affiliated with any national broadcast network . the channel is on lcn 8-1 and the call sign is hlqs-dtv .
budget rent a car system , inc. is an american car rental company that was founded in 1958 in los angeles , california by morris mirkin . budgets operations are headquartered in parsippany , new jersey . with its original fleet of 10 cars , the company lived up to the budget name by undercutting the daily and per mile rental rates of the established airport based car rental companies .
jeda technologies , inc. is a provider of software products in the front-end of electronic design automation industry , specifically in electronic system-level verification automation . jeda products are applied to design models written in c , c++ , systemc for quality measurement , checking and improvement . the company is headquartered in santa clara , california with r & d offices in china .
citibank is the consumer division of financial services multinational citigroup . citibank was founded in 1812 as the city bank of new york , and later became first national city bank of new york . citibank provides credit cards , mortgages , personal loans , commercial loans , and lines of credit . the bank has 2,649 branches in 19 countries , including 723 branches in the united states and 1,494 branches in mexico .
the honda aircraft company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the honda motor company that has developed the prototype hondajet and is slated to manufacture and market the production version of the aircraft . the company was formed as a separate entity in august 2006 under the leadership of president and ceo michimasa fujino .
sncase or sud-est was a french aircraft manufacturer . the company was formed on february 1 , 1937 , by the nationalization and merger of lior et olivier , potez , cams , romano and spca .
stream energy is a provider of energy , wireless , protective and home services . stream has energy services in seven states , including texas , pennsylvania , new york , new jersey , georgia , maryland and illinois , as well as washington d.c. all other services are available nationwide . stream energy uses multi-level marketing as its primary sales channel .
wing lung bank is a bank based in hong kong . as of december 2013 , the bank has 50 business outlets in hong kong , mainland china , macau and overseas . the bank was founded in 1933 by dr. wu yee-sun , who owned a majority stake in the bank . it was listed in hong kong from 1980 to 2009 until it was acquired by china merchants bank . it currently employs over 1,700 people and has assets over hk $ 200 billion .
rjr nabisco , inc. , was an american conglomerate , selling tobacco and food products , headquartered in the calyon building in midtown manhattan , new york city . rjr nabisco stopped operating as a single entity in 1999 however , both rjr and nabisco still exist .
davidstea is a canadian specialty tea and tea accessory retailer based in montreal , quebec . it is the largest canadian-based specialty tea boutique in the country , and competes directly with teavana in many markets . following the companys initial public offering , common stock began trading on the nasdaq global market on june 5 , 2015 .
john little was a former chain of department stores in singapore . established in 1845 , john little was the oldest department store in singapore . the john little chain was acquired and owned by robinson & co. limited in 1955 .
kinetic engineering limited is an indian automotive manufacturer . the company was founded in the year 1972 by hk firodia . today it is an automotive component manufacturer which formerly sold two-wheelers under the brand names kinetic honda and later kinetic . it introduced the kinetic luna moped which sold well domestically and was exported extensively to argentina , brazil , the us , and sri lanka .
faktor eiendom is a norwegian construction company that is engaged in building residential and recreational houses , factory production of low-cost housing and managing hotel and resorts . faktor eiendom experienced serious liquidity problems in 2010 which resulted in dnb nor converting nok 250 million of debt into equity and taking 30.7 % ownership of the company .
magnox ltd is a nuclear decommissioning site licence company controlled by cavendish fluor partnership , its designated parent body organisation . it operates under contract for the nuclear decommissioning authority , a government body set up specifically to deal with the nuclear legacy under the energy act 2004 . magnox ltd is responsible for the decommissioning of ten magnox nuclear power stations in the united kingdom .
united launch alliance is a joint venture of lockheed martin space systems and boeing defense , space & security . ula was formed in december 2006 by combining the teams at these companies which provide spacecraft launch services to the government of the united states . u.s. government launch customers include both the department of defense and nasa , as well as other organizations .
ecc foreign language institute is one of the major private english teaching companies or eikaiwa in japan . it is part of the ecc group . ecc is based in the kansai region of japan and also has many branches in the chbu and kant regions . as of february 2013 it has 171 schools across japan . it has over 650 native english speakers as instructors .
martin williams advertising , inc. is an advertising agency , based in minneapolis , minnesota . since 1998 , martin williams has been part of the omnicom group . clients include payless shoesource , raymond james , syngenta , cargill , marvin windows , simmons bedding company , and p.f. chang .
konti group is a ukrainian confectionery manufacturer company based in donetsk . konti group , originally kiev-konti , was founded in 1997 . the company is a manufacturer of confectionery products in ukraine . it owns several trademarks : bonjour , super-kontik , belissimo , melodika , grand-konti and mamulin tort , a subdivision in latvia and kursk and exports products to europe and asia .
roberts filter group is an american water filter production company founded in 1889 in philadelphia , pennsylvania , united states . the company is currently headquartered in media , pennsylvania and it is one of the largest suppliers of water-filtration products and services in the united states . they are known for providing water treatment facilities for the manhattan project during world war ii .
mandate pictures was a full-service film production and financing company acquired by lionsgate in 2007 .
rainforest films was a film production company founded in 1994 by rob hardy and will packer that produced films geared towards african-americans .
meniga is a software company founded in reykjavik , iceland in 2009 by georg ludviksson and brothers asgeir asgeirsson and viggo asgeirsson . meniga provides digital banking solutions , and was one of the first companies to use pfm software in europe . meniga was founder in 2009 , and has offices in london , reykjavik and stockholm .
donruss was a manufacturer of sports cards founded in 1954 and acquired by the panini group in 2009 . the company started in the 1950s , producing confectionery , evolved into donruss and started producing trading cards . during the 1960s and 1970s donruss produced entertainment-themed trading cards . its first sports theme cards were produced in 1965 , when it created a series of racing cards sponsored by hot rod magazine .
paccar inc is an american fortune 500 company and counts among the largest manufacturers of medium - and heavy-duty commercial vehicles in the world . paccar is engaged in the design , manufacture and customer support of light - , medium - and heavy-duty trucks under the kenworth , peterbilt , leyland trucks and daf nameplates . paccar also designs and manufactures diesel engines , provides financial services and information technology , and distributes truck parts related to its principal business .
eurofly was a privately owned airline based in milan , italy . listed on mta stock exchange and controlled by meridiana , it was italys leading carrier in leisure flights market and mainly operated international , medium to long haul , point-to-point flights . medium-haul activity was centered mainly on operations to egypt and the red sea riviera , spain and greece . long haul included some of italians preferred tropical destinations like the maldives and sri lanka or africa .
design house stockholm is a design production and retail company , self described as a publisher of design , for scandinavian design , including scandinavian modern .
capital shoppers limited , commonly known as capital shoppers , is a ugandan supermarket chain .
best education network , headquartered at modul university vienna , austria is an international consortium of educators committed to furthering the development and dissemination of knowledge in the field of sustainable tourism .
national bank of fujairah is a commercial bank founded in 1982 and prividing services for individual and corporate clients via 16 branches in the united arab emirates . in 2015 nbf continued with financing the diamond producers and traders , as controversial or arguably nefarious as they may be , after the antwerp diamond bank closed its global operations in 2016 nbf was on the list of the 50 safest banks in the middle east by the global finance magazine .
apptio is a bellevue , washington-based company founded in 2007 that develops technology business management software as a service applications . apptio enterprise apps are designed to assess and communicate the cost of it services for planning , budgeting and forecasting purposes . apptios services offer tools for cios to manage technology departments storage , applications , energy usage , cybersecurity , and reporting obligations .
the tmi group of companies is a multi-national organization that manufactures and markets physical property testing instruments for the packaging , paper , pulp , plastic film , foil , ink , coatings , nonwoven , textile , adhesives , and corrugated industries . the tmi group of companies consists of testing machines inc. , bchel bv , fibro system ab , lako seal testers , tmi canada , and tmi shanghai ltd. .
raymond siran , cyclecars dyrsan was a french manufacturer of automobiles in the cyclecar class .
boconcept is the brand name of denmarks most global retail furniture chain with more than 265 stores in over 60 countries around the world . the first boconcept brand store opened in paris in 1993 , but from 2006 and onwards , all furniture is sold through franchisees . boconcept specializes in customizable modern furniture and accessories designed by internationally known designers .
hendrick manufacturing company is an american perforated metal manufacturer founded in 1876 in carbondale , pennsylvania , where it is still based . over the years , additional manufacturing locations were established in california , tennessee , kentucky and illinois . plants in pennsylvania , kentucky and illinois are still in operation .
howes lubricator is a manufacturer of oils , fuel additives and multi purpose lubricant . it was established in 1920 by wendell v.c. howes .
pluto 13 gmbh , doing business as piranha bytes , is a german video game developer based in essen . founded in 1997 , they are best known for their gothic and risen series of role-playing video games .
happy chef is a casual dining restaurant in mankato , minnesota . it is known for serving breakfast throughout the day and is similar to dennys , perkins , and ihop .
affliction clothing is an american clothing manufacturer and retailer based in seal beach , california . it is owned by affliction holdings llc .
the royal group , based in phnom penh , is cambodias largest diversified conglomerate and holding company with investments in various industries in the country including telecommunication , media , banking , insurance , resorts , education , property , trading and agriculture .
gerstlauer amusement rides gmbh is a german manufacturer of stationary and transportable amusement rides and roller coasters , located in mnsterhausen , germany .
envision healthcare is an american healthcare company and national hospital based physician group . it has been a part of the s & p 500 index since december 2 , 2016 , where it replaced legg mason . it is part of gics economic sector of health care and gics sub-industry of health care services . the company changed its name from amsurg and its ticker from amsg to evhc .
cangene corporation was a biopharmaceutical company based in winnipeg , manitoba , canada . it was founded in 1984 and specialized in hyperimmunes , contract manufacturing , biopharmaceuticals and biodefense . cangene was 61 % owned by canadian pharmaceutical giant apotex and was publicly listed on the tsx under the symbol cnj .
visibility develops enterprise resource planning software , which targets small to mid-sized engineer-to-order , make-to-order , mixed-mode and project-oriented manufacturing companies .
vitrox corporation berhad is a penang , malaysia based company that specializes in designing and developing automated vision inspection system and equipment testers for the semiconductor and electronic packaging industries as well as electronic communications equipment . the name vitrox supposedly reflects the core business of the company which is machine vision and electronics .
united spirits limited , abbreviated to usl , is an indian alcoholic beverages company , and the worlds second-largest spirits company by volume . it is a subsidiary of diageo , and headquartered at ub tower in bangalore , karnataka . usl exports its products to over 37 countries .
national community renaissance , also known as national core , is a u.s. non-profit community builder specializing in affordable , multifamily , mixed-income , senior , workforce and special needs housing . based in rancho cucamonga , california , national core operates in four states : california , florida , texas and arkansas . the company is one of the largest national nonprofit developers of affordable housing in the united states , with nearly 9,000 units . national core develops , owns and manages units .
klocwork is a software company with headquarters in burlington , ma , usa and r & d based in ottawa , on , canada . klocwork was founded in 2001 as a spin-out of nortel networks and has over 1,000 customers who use its software development tools . klocwork says their tool help developers create more secure and reliable software by analyzing source code on-the-fly , simplifying peer code reviews , and extending the life of complex software .
st. john knits international inc. , commonly referred as st. john , is an upscale american fashion brand that specializes in womens knitwear founded in 1962 by robert and marie gray . the company is best known for its classic wool and rayon yarn knits , chanel inspired jackets , and extensive use of primary colors .
aura-sonic , ltd. is a remote recording company based in queens , new york that specializes in mobile and location production , audio for video broadcasting , video production , sound reinforcement and on-site automated dialogue replacement . asl was founded in 1977 by recording engineer and producer steve remote . the company owns and utilizes a fleet of adaptable mobile vehicles and portable packages for its audio/production projects .
dominicks was a chicago-area grocery store chain and subsidiary of safeway inc. . dominicks distribution center was located in northlake , illinois , while its management offices were located in oak brook , illinois .
showclix , a patron technology brand , is a full-service event technology company headquartered in downtown pittsburgh , pennsylvania that handles ticket sales , marketing , and on-site operations for their partners . they operate in over 20 countries and localize their platform for each market . showclix clients include fandom conventions , museums , festivals , attractions , and consumer shows .
the israel airports authority was founded in 1977 as a public corporation mandated by the israel airports authority law . the authority is responsible for the management of israels major civil airports and land-to-land border terminals between israel and its neighbours . the authoritys head office is on the grounds of ben gurion international airport .
culture convenience club co. , ltd. is a japanese company that operates tsutaya , a nationwide chain of video rental shops and bookstores . the company is headquartered in ebisu , tokyo .
econo lodge is an economy motel chain based in the united states and canada . econo lodge is the second-largest brand in the choice hotels system . it aims to provide affordable rooms to budget travelers . the properties contain a minimum of 40 guest rooms and are often located near highways or highway access . all hotels provide a free breakfast . while most of the properties are conversions , choice hotels plans to add more new-construction properties to the econo lodge brand .
enimex was an airline based in tallinn , estonia . it operated cargo and passenger charter flights , and wet lease operations worldwide . its main base was lennart meri tallinn airport .
mercator is a slovenian multinational retail corporation owned by the croatian company agrokor that is operating in the central and southeast europe . apart from selling products of renowned national and international companies , mercator also operates its own brand of various foods , drinks , and household products sold at discount prices . aside from retail , mercator also provides travel services for tourists , and payment-automated filling stations in slovenia .
swissquote group holding sa is a swiss banking group specialising in the provision of online financial and trading services . the groups shares have been listed on the six swiss exchange under the ticker symbol sqn since 29 may 2000 . the groups headquarters are located in gland , switzerland . the company also has offices in zurich , bern , dubai , malta , london and hong kong . the group has 545 employees .
enjoi is a skateboarding company that produces skateboard decks as the brands primary product the company also manufactures skateboarding accessories and clothing . the company , distributed by dwindle distribution , has , since inception , adopted a stylized panda as its logo .
kerr drug was an american chain of 76 drug stores throughout north carolina . its headquarters were located in raleigh , north carolina . on september 10 , 2013 , walgreens announced its purchase of kerr . the company was founded in raleigh by banks kerr in 1951 . the chain was operating 97 stores when it was acquired in 1995 by jcpenney . in 1996 , when jcpenney attempted to purchase eckerd drug , the ftc forced jcpenney to divest itself of 34 former kerr drug stores and 130 rite aid stores .
international speedway corporation is a corporation whose primary business is the ownership and management of nascar and indycar race tracks . isc was founded by nascar founder bill france , sr. in 1953 for the construction of daytona international speedway and in 1999 they merged with penske motorsports to become one of the largest motorsports companies in north america . the company has played an important , though controversial , role in the modernization of the sport .
charlies kitchen is a restaurant serving american fare with new england specialties in the harvard square neighborhood of cambridge , massachusetts . charlies houses bars on two separate floors additionally , a front patio and backyard beer garden are open seasonally . the boston phoenix named it one of the best dive bars in boston in 2009 .
asia wealth bank was a myanmar bank that was found to be of primary money laundering concern by the us secretary of treasury . the bank license was subsequently revoked by the government of myanmar in the banking crisis in 2003 . the bank is a sister company of the former olympic construction group which is renamed as shwe taung group in 2004 after the banking scandal .
the army news service is a news publication of the united states army designed as an objective digest of united states press association and newspaper reports . the material was in turn supplied to the american forces network for radio transmission . created in 1943 , its target audience is the large number of people associated with the us army , including soldiers , retired soldiers , and contractors .
belgian investment company for developing countries , is a private company , based in brussels , belgium .
the konar group is an electrical , transport and energy company based in zagreb , croatia . listed on the zagreb stock exchange , the company consists of some 20 dependent companies , employing a staff of 4,000 . annual sales account for 400 million , of which half are exports . during recent years konar has delivered its products and plants to more than 100 countries across all continents .
nc bank uganda , whose complete name is nc bank uganda limited , is a commercial bank in uganda . it is one of the commercial banks licensed by the bank of uganda , the countrys central bank and national banking regulator .
the derways automobile company is a russian automaker located in cherkessk . the company was founded in 2003 as the first private car manufacturer of russia and as a part of the russian mercury group . since june 2007 the company is building 100,000 units for the local market within a joint venture with the chinese firms lifan group and liaoning sg automotive group co. , ltd. the second plant of derways was opened in the fall 2009 . about 3,000 workers are employed by derways .
ks merchandise mart , inc. was a catalog showroom department store based in decatur , illinois . it offered furniture , jewelry , and general merchandise , including electronics , at 17 locations in 5 midwestern states at the time of its closing . ks was founded in 1957 by raymond ray eldridge sr. and his brother kay .
arctic silver inc. is a privately owned engineering corporation which develops and manufactures thermally conductive compounds and thermal adhesives for the application of heat sinks to high-powered electronic components such as processors , leds , chipsets and other electronic devices . founded in 1999 , the companys facilities are located in visalia , california , us .
safety-kleen systems , inc. is a company that provides services such as collecting and recycling oil , providing industrial cleaning , and handling industrial waste . in addition , their products include cleaning equipment , antifreeze and coolant , windshield cleaner , and re-refined oil products .
newfoundland power incorporated is a canadian utility company formed by the royal securities corporation of montreal in 1924 . it is regulated by the public utilities commission . newfoundland power is the primary retailer of electric power in newfoundland and labrador . in the year of its incorporation it purchased the assets of the st. johns light and power company which had been formed originally by robert gillespie reid as the st. johns street railway company in 1896 .
turing pharmaceuticals is a pharmaceutical company incorporated in zug , switzerland , with offices in new york city . the company started to do business in the us as vyera pharmaceuticals in september 2017 . the company has two marketed products : daraprim , for the treatment of toxoplasmosis , and vecamyl for the treatment of hypertension .
automobiles stabilia was an automobile manufacturer based on the north side of paris between 1906 and 1930 . although the name of the company changed a couple of times , the cars were branded with the stabilia name throughout this period . the company specialised in lowered cars featuring a special patented type of suspension .
warner bros.-seven arts , inc. was an american entertainment company active from 1967 until 1970 .
megatech is a bermuda-registered company that pursued the development of various supercars . it is jointly owned by hutomo mandala putra , the youngest son of president suharto of indonesia , and mycom setdco , a bermuda-based subsidiary of mycom bhd. in 1994 , megatech purchased the lamborghini brand for $ 40 million . it then sold it to audi ag in 1998 for $ 110 million .
american crystal sugar company is an agricultural cooperative specializing in the production of sugar and related agri-products . american crystal is owned by nearly 2,800 shareholders who raise approximately one-third of the nations sugarbeet acreage in the red river valley of minnesota and north dakota . additional acres are contracted in eastern montana and western north dakota .
golder associates inc. , branded as just golder , is a canadian employee-owned , global company providing consulting , design , and construction services in earth , environment , and related areas of energy . its more than 6,500 employees operate from more than 165 offices in africa , asia , australasia , europe , north america and south america . golder serves the manufacturing , mining , oil and gas , power , urban development and infrastructure sectors .
gooddata is a software company headquartered in san francisco , united states . the company markets business intelligence and big data analytics software for cloud computing .
the defoe shipbuilding company was a small ship builder established in 1905 in bay city , michigan , united states . it ceased to operate in 1976 after failing to renew its contracts with the united states navy . the site of the former company is now being developed for business and housing on the bank of the saginaw river .
information systems associates fze is an aviation software house serving airlines , airports and travel agents . isa is a privately owned company formed in 2005 . the company produces a computer reservation system under the name aeromart sell , formerly accelaero , . the company is headquartered in sharjah , uae and the development center is based in colombo , sri lanka .
halogen communications is an independent communications consultancy based in edinburgh , scotland with an international office in washington , d.c. the agency was founded on 1 july 2002 and specialises in public affairs , public relations and crisis management .
banque commerciale du congo is a commercial bank operating in the democratic republic of the congo . it offers payment services such as western union .
altarea sca , trading as altarea cogedim , is a french company dedicated to both the development and investment in real estate , focusing especially on in construction , extension and development of shopping centers , as well as property development . headquartered in france , it operates local agencies and subsidiaries in spain and italy . it was founded in 1994 .
leadership dynamics , also known as leadership dynamics institute , was a private , for-profit company , owned by william penn patrick . the company focused on executive training , personal development and self-improvement . leadership dynamics was the first form of what psychologists termed large group awareness training .
crumbs bake shop was a bakery chain headquartered in new york city . founded in 2003 as a small mom-and-pop style bakery on the upper west side of manhattan by mia & jason bauer , the company expanded to 79 locations in eight states and washington , d.c. . crumbs was the largest cupcake chain in the united states . it produced more than 50 varieties of gourmet cupcakes .
lw stores , inc. was a retailer that liquidated consumer merchandise through 94 outlets across canada and three in the united states . the retailer also provided store-closure sales management and solved asset recovery problems in a professional manner for the financial services industry , insurance companies , manufacturers and other organizations . lw stores , inc. was known as liquidation world , inc. until 2010 .
flytoget , the airport express train is a norwegian high-speed airport rail link connecting oslo airport , gardermoen to oslo central station in nineteen minutes . run by flytoget as , it operates on the high-speed gardermoen line using sixteen gmb class 71 electric trains . normal service frequency is once every ten minutes , with five of the services each hour continuing westwards beyond oslo central .
de struise brouwers is a microbrewery located in oostvleteren , belgium .
willett distillery , also known as kentucky bourbon distillers , ltd. , is a private family-owned and - operated company that produces various brands of bourbon and rye whiskey . over the years the company has bottled bourbon and rye whiskeys that range from 2 years of aging maturity all the way up to 28 years . the company is located on the outskirts of bardstown , kentucky on a site that began as a farm owned by the family .
rotary rocket company was a rocketry company that developed the roton concept in the late 1990s as a fully reusable single-stage-to-orbit manned spacecraft . the design was initially conceived by gary hudson , who formed the company to commercialize the concept . the roton was intended to reduce costs of launching payloads into low earth orbit by a factor of ten .
roos instruments is a company based in santa clara , ca that designs and manufactures automatic test equipment for the semiconductor industry . founded in 1989 from a darpa small business innovation research grant , the company specializes in mixed-signal , microwave and millimeter wave test of precision consumer and industrial-grade integrated circuits .
chappells was a family-owned department store chain based in syracuse , new york . it opened in 1896 and remained in business until 1994 . at its peak , it operated ten stores in the syracuse area , watertown and massena . in january 1992 , the corporation filed for bankruptcy protection under chapter 11 . as part of reorganization , four of the stores closed .
an alley or alleyway is a narrow lane , path , or passageway , often reserved for pedestrians , which usually runs between , behind , or within buildings in the older parts of towns and cities . it is also a rear access or service road , or a path or walk in a park or garden . a covered alley or passageway , often with shops , may be called an arcade . the origin of the word alley is late middle english , from old french : alee walking or passage , from aler go , from latin : ambulare to walk .
collins crime club was an imprint of british book publishers william collins , sons and ran from 6 may 1930 to april 1994 . throughout its 64 years the club issued a total of 2,025 first editions of crime novels and reached a high standard of quality throughout . in the field of crime book collecting , collins crime club is eagerly sought , particularly pre-war first editions in dustwrappers with their vivid and imaginative images .
iran hyper star is an iranian subsidiary of french multinational retailer carrefour in iran .
cash money records is an american record label founded by two brothers , bryan birdman williams and ronald slim williams . the label is distributed by republic records , which used to be universal republic . the label itself has been home to a roster of prominent hip hop artists that include drake , lil wayne and nicki minaj , which has led cash money to being described as one of the most iconic and successful record labels in hip-hop history .
salam international investment ltd. qsc is a publicly-listed qatari shareholding company . salam international operates through its subsidiaries in qatar , the united arab emirates , palestine , kuwait , saudi arabia , oman , bahrain , jordan and lebanon . the company is headquartered in doha , qatar .
imakr operates two of the largest physical locations for 3d printing in both london and new york , in may 2016 , imakr launched urbanmanufacturing , a new service that allows for on-demand 3d printing , 3d scanning and design services . the company also offers online and phone sales support to its 3d printing customers and ensures that each item in stock is tested and approved by on-staff engineers .
almaghrib institute is an islamic studies institute founded in houston , texas , by muhammad alshareef in 2002 . it also has centers in ottawa , ontario , canada and london , england , united kingdom . almaghrib provides courses on islam in a six-day , two-weekend intensive seminar and other courses in a shorter , three-day , single-weekend format .
thomas cook retail limited is a travel agent , owned by the thomas cook group . the company operates branches throughout the united kingdom and republic of ireland , and employs around 19,000 people . in 2010 , the thomas cook group reached an agreement with the co-operative group to merge its branch network with that of the co-operative travel .
carmor integrated vehicle solutions is an israeli company that manufactures tankers , aircraft refuelers , fire fighting trucks , armored vehicles and special purpose trailers .
newmark knight frank is one of the worlds leading commercial real estate advisory firms . nkf is operated by newmark group , inc. . newmark is listed on the nasdaq global select market under the symbol nmrk .
anna valentine , previously known as robinson valentine , is a british luxury fashion house launched in 1986 . it was founded by designer duo antonia robinson and anna valentine . the pair began working under the name robinson valentine . robinson and valentine met at a college in hammersmith while taking a pattern-cutting course . after completing the course , they approached enterprise allowance scheme program which helped them open a small shop in wandsworth .
direct supply is an employee-owned company that specializes in providing equipment , ecommerce , and service solutions to the senior living industry . founded in 1985 and headquartered in milwaukee , wisconsin , the company offers a variety of products and services to skilled nursing and assisted living communities throughout the united states . today , direct supply employs more than 1,300 people on its mile-long , eleven-building campus in milwaukee .
leaseplan uk was created in 1979 and is part of the dutch fleet management and financial services company leaseplan corporation n.v. which was founded in 1963 . leaseplan uk operates a fleet of over 137,000 vehicles including 38,000 commercial vehicles . major clients include nhs , virgin media and carlsberg .
budget direct is a low cost , value focused insurance brand of auto & general headquartered in brisbane , australia . their car and home insurance policies are underwritten by auto & general insurance company limited . auto & general insurance company is an australian insurance company regulated by apra and is an active member of the insurance council of australia .
carlsberg srbija is a serbian beer brewery , based in baka palanka , serbia . it is majority owned by danish carlsberg group since 2003 and it has around 600 employees . it is well known by its signature brand lav pivo . according to data from 2012 , carlsberg srbija holds 28.4 % of serbian beer market , placing it second , behind market leader apatinska pivara .
hanna-barbera productions , inc. is an american animation studio that serves as a division of warner bros. animation . it was founded in 1957 by former metro-goldwyn-mayer animation directors and tom and jerry creators william hanna and joseph barbera . for more than three decades in the mid-20th century , it was a prominent force in american television animation .
robert bosch gmbh -RRB- , or bosch , is a german multinational engineering and electronics company headquartered in gerlingen , near stuttgart , germany . the company was founded by robert bosch in stuttgart in 1886 . bosch is 92 % owned by robert bosch stiftung .
alchimie forever is a swiss , dermatologist-formulated , plant-based skin care line created by the polla family . the line includes anti-aging products for the face , body , and products created specifically for mens skin .
fox fuse is a leading digital music label for caribbean music and is the largest label worldwide for soca and chutney music . based in tampa , florida , fox fuse has built a strong reputation working with superstar clients such as pitbull , lil jon and shaggy , and has some of the top performers and producers in caribbean music exclusively-signed to its roster .
solar electric power company is a manufacturer of solar lighting and remote solar power stations that utilize compact fluorescent lamps cfl , light emitting diodes led , metal halide , induction , low pressure sodium , and high pressure sodium and is based in stuart , florida . steve robbins , the founder and president , designed and patented the first commercial solar street light .
donut diner was a canadian coffee and doughnut franchise with locations and kiosks in and around the niagara region and greater golden horseshoe areas of ontario .
inovalon is a technology company which provides cloud-based platforms to the healthcare industry .
railpool is a european rolling stock leasing company . based in munich , it was formed by hsh nordbank and kfw ipex-bank in 2008 to offer passenger and freight locomotive and rolling stock financing and leasing , and also advice and services . the company was acquired by oaktree capital management in 2014 .
tantrumedia is a business to business company based on the wirral in the united kingdom . they provide services including web development , linux web hosting , software development , musical composition & sound effect production , audio post production , art & design , printing , company stationery , business cards , promotional goods , cd mastering & procurement , bookkeeping , and consultancy on multimedia & i.t. topics .
as the name correctly suggests , cambridge audio had its origins in cambridge , england where in the early 1960s a group of young technology graduates established a high technology r & d and prototyping business : cambridge consultants .
american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. was the post-merger parent company of the american broadcasting company and united paramount theatres .
mos food services , inc. , doing business as mos burger , is a fast-food restaurant chain that originated in japan . its headquarters are in the thinkpark tower in saki , shinagawa , tokyo . at one time its headquarters were in shinjuku , tokyo .
oka is a british furniture and home accessories retailer founded in 1999 by annabel astor , sue jones and lucinda waterhouse . oka now has 15 shops across the uk together with british , european and american websites and a catalogue business .
nets group or nets is a nordic-based payment service provider . the company has been known as nets since 2010 , but has a history that goes back to 1968 . nets have more than 2400 employees working in five countries . the head quarter is located in copenhagen , but the company also has sites in oslo , stockholm , helsinki and tallinn . the customers of nets are banks , businesses , merchants and the public sector .
voiello is an italian food company based in torre annunziata . it was founded in 1879 . voiello produces a range of pasta .
ecco press is a new york-based publishing imprint of harpercollins . ecco was founded in 1971 by daniel halpern as an independent publishing company . in 1999 it was acquired by harpercollins , with halpern remaining at the head . since 2000 , ecco has published the yearly anthology the best american science writing , edited by jesse cohen . in 2011 , ecco created two separate publishing lines curated by chef & author anthony bourdain and novelist dennis lehane .
manitowoc cranes is a division of the manitowoc company , inc in the united states . manitowoc cranes produces five brands of cranes : grove , national crane , shuttlelift , manitowoc , and potain and has two service brands , manitowoc crane care and manitowoc finance .
avl , or anstalt fr verbrennungskraftmaschinen list , is an austrian-based automotive consulting firm as well as an independent research institute . it is the largest privately owned company for the development of powertrain systems with internal combustion engines as well as instrumentation and test systems and also produces electric powertrains .
the full name of the bank is national bank of fiji trading as colonial national bank . the bank is as of december 2009 a subsidiary of bank south pacific and has the largest branch network in fiji . it also has a majority holding in one of the two merchant banks in the country .
randolph engineering , inc. , located in randolph , massachusetts , manufactures and sells made in the usa sunglasses , shooting eyewear , and prescription frames . randolph engineering , inc. is also the prime contractor for aviator sunglasses to the united states military .
vishal film factory is an indian film production , distribution and music company established by actor vishal in 2013 . based in chennai , it mainly produces and distributes tamil and telugu films . it releases music on v-music .
umm is a portuguese metal works factory and ex-automobile manufacturer based in lisbon , portugal . it was founded in 1977 with the purpose of manufacturing four-wheel drive vehicles for agricultural , industrial and utility applications .
brandywine asset management , inc. is an american investment management firm founded and managed by michael dever . the firm is registered as a commodity trading advisor .
passport designs inc. was a software company that created early music production software , such as the pre-midi soundchaser in 1982 . other programs included master tracks pro and encore .
opened in 1860 , mcgillins olde ale house is the oldest continuously operated tavern in philadelphia , pennsylvania . it is located on drury street , an alley connecting 13th street and south juniper street , between chestnut street and sansom street , in center city .
officina stellare is an italian manufacturer specialized in professional telescopes for aerospace , research and astroimaging .
flintobox is an india-based company that produces educational activity boxes for children . based on a theme , the company makes resources for early child development on a monthly basis . the company follows a subscription operational model and delivers the boxes straight to a childs doorstep .
the blue water bridge authority was a canadian crown corporation responsible for the operation and maintenance of the canadian side of the blue water bridge in point edward , ontario . it was established on may 21 , 1964 via the blue water bridge authority act , which authorized it to provide highway traffic between canada and the united states over the blue water bridge .
oceaneering international , inc. is a subsea engineering and applied technology company based in houston , texas , u.s. that provides engineered services and hardware to customers who operate in marine , space , and other environments .
the philippine tarsier foundation , incorporated is a non-profit , non-stock corporation based in tagbilaran city , bohol , philippines , established in 1996 to conserve , promote research and establish a sanctuary for the philippine tarsier . it is an entirely private sector initiative , but has strong support from two leading organizations in conservation and eco-tourism , namely the department of environment and natural resources and the department of tourism .
established in taiwan in 1988 , ritek corporation manufactures compact disk products such as cd-r , cd-rw , dvd-r , dvd-rw , dvd + r , dvd + rw , dvd-ram , hd dvd , blu-ray disc and blu-ray m-disc , storage cards such as cf cards , sd cards and mmc cards , memory stick and consumer electronics . over recent years , ritek also made inroads to green energy by manufacturing solar models and offering installation services for solar systems .
ametek , inc. is an american global manufacturer of electronic instruments and electromechanical devices with headquarters in the united states and over 220 manufacturing sites worldwide . the company was founded in 1930 . the companys original name , american machine and metals , was changed to ametek in the early 1960s , reflecting ames evolution from a provider of heavy machinery to a manufacturer of analytical instruments , precision components and specialty materials .
masco corporation is a manufacturer of products for the home improvement and new home construction markets . comprising more than 20 companies , the masco conglomerate operates nearly 60 manufacturing facilities in the united states and over 20 in other parts of the world . since 1969 it trades on the nyse . under the leadership of richard manoogian , the company grew exponentially and subsequently joined the fortune 500 list of largest u.s. corporations .
farm progress is the publisher of 22 agricultural and ranching magazines . the company dates back nearly 200 years . farm progress companies is owned by penton media . farm progress has the oldest known continuously published magazine with prairie farmer , which was launched in 1841 . the company publishes 18 regional magazines with local coverage of each agricultural community . annually , farm progress produces four farm shows including the farm progress show , which launched in 1953 .
brookville equipment corporation , based in brookville , pennsylvania , united states , manufactures railroad locomotives for industrial and light capacity switching needs . the company also builds and restores streetcars . the company used to be known as brookville locomotive company .
admiral group plc is a motor insurance company with its head office in cardiff , wales . listed on the london stock exchange , it is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
tele-communications , inc. was a cable television provider in the united states , and for most of its history was controlled by bob magness and john malone . the company came into being in 1968 , following the merger of western microwave , inc. and community television , inc. it was the largest cable operator in the united states at one time . after going public in 1970 , the company grew rapidly , and became the top cable provider in the united states .
wipro limited is an indian information technology services corporation headquartered in bengaluru , india . in 2013 , wipro demerged its non-it businesses into separate companies to bring in more focus on independent businesses .
glen raven , inc. is a fabric manufacturing and marketing company . the company is headquartered in glen raven , north carolina and headed by leib oehmig , who took over after allen erwin gant , jr. , the grandson of john quintin gant and founder of the industry advocacy group national council of textile organizations , retired . glen raven has operations in the united states , france , and china .
bottom dollar food was an american soft-discount grocery chain . it was a subsidiary of delhaize america , the u.s. division of international food retailer delhaize group . its headquarters was in salisbury , north carolina . bottom dollar food sold an assortment of both private brands and national brands at low prices .
plains exploration & production was a petroleum and natural gas exploration company based in houston , texas . in may 2013 , it was acquired by freeport-mcmoran and mariposa energy lp of san antonio .
link mobility group asa is one of europes leading providers within mobile communications , specialized in mobile messaging services , mobile solutions and mobile data intelligence . the group offers a wide range of scalable services and solutions across industries and sectors due to the growing demand of digital convergence between businesses and customers , platforms and users . the group is headquartered in oslo/norway and is listed on the oslo stock exchange .
constellation energy group , headquartered in baltimore , maryland , was an energy producer , trader , and distributor . the company operated over 35 power plants in 11 states under its operating and holding company constellation energy group . constellation energys regulated utility , baltimore gas and electric company , operated in central maryland .
moto guzzi is an italian motorcycle manufacturer and the oldest european manufacturer in continuous motorcycle production . established in 1921 in mandello del lario , italy , the company is noted for its historic role in italys motorcycling manufacture , its prominence worldwide in motorcycle racing , and industry innovationsincluding the first motorcycle centre stand , wind tunnel and eight-cylinder engine .
forbo holding ag based in baar zg is a globally operating swiss manufacturer of floor coverings and building and construction adhesives as well as power transmission and light conveyor belts . the group has an international network of 25 locations with production and sales , as well as 44 pure sales organizations in a total of 36 countries . forbo has 5559 employees and achieved a turnover in 2017 of 1,246.4 million swiss francs .
kong company is an american company headquartered in the state of colorado that develops designs and produces lines of dog toys and cat toys . its primary line of product is a snowman-like chew toy for dogs also named kong .
seyler is a surname , and may refer to : seyler family , a swiss-german family of artists and bankers , includingabel seyler , swiss theatre directorfriederike sophie seyler , german actress and librettistludwig edwin seyler , german bankerseyler theatrical companyberenberg-gossler-seyler banking dynastyathene seyler , english actressharry e. seyler , american politician and educatortomas seyler , german darts player .
sram corporation is a privately owned bicycle component manufacturer based in chicago , illinois , united states , founded in 1987 . sram is an acronym comprising the names of its founders , scott , ray , and sam , . the company is known for producing cycling components , including some internally developed , such as grip shift , eagle , doubletap , dedicated 1x11 mountain and road drivetrains and sram red etap .
appirio , a wipro company , is an information technology consulting company headquartered in indianapolis , indiana that offers technology and professional services to companies wishing to adopt public cloud applications . this includes software-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service technologies like okta , salesforce.com , google apps , workday , concur , cornerstone ondemand inc. and amazon web services .
quester tangent corporation is a leading independent north american supplier of train electronics and software solutions for the rail transit industry . certified iso 9001-2008 and cmmi level2 scampi a ready , quester tangent designs , develops and manufactures vehicle monitoring hardware and software for the global rail transit industry , including monitoring and control products , on-train displays , communication and data networks , and passenger information systems .
familymart is a japanese convenience store franchise chain . familymart is japans second largest convenience store chain , behind 7-eleven . there are now 24,243 stores worldwide in japan , taiwan , china , philippines , thailand , vietnam , indonesia and malaysia . familymart is subsidiary of familymart uny holdings , ltd. which also owns supermarket chain uny . the main shareholder is itochu with a stake of 37.66 % .
aircel comics was a canadian comic book publisher founded by barry blair , based in ottawa and active from 1985 until 1994 . in 1988 , it merged with american publisher eternity comics , itself an imprint of malibu comics , and in the late 1980s was taken over by malibu before ceasing publication .
honda of the uk manufacturing ltd. is a united kingdom based manufacturing subsidiary of the multinational automotive company honda . hum operates manufacturing plants at a site in swindon , england , which include casting , engine assembly , pressing , welding , painting , and car assembly activities . hum employs around 3,400 people at the plants , which occupy a site covering around 370 acres . honda has made a total investment of over 1.5 billion in the swindon plants .
endgame provides a cyber operations platform supporting the detection , exploitation , and mitigation of cyber-threats . endgame was started by executives from iss .
primo smallgoods , based in chullora in western sydney , australia , is the largest producer of ham , bacon and smallgoods in the southern hemisphere . it was founded in 1985 , and now has more than 4,000 employees . in june 2010 , primo was fined $ 233,325 with $ 200,000 in costs for mis-labelling bacon as australian in origin . jbs acquired primo in 2014 .
showa denko k. k. is a leading japanese chemical engineering firm . formed in 1939 by the merger of nihon electrical industries and showa fertilizers , showa denko k.k. manufactures chemical products and industrial materials . sdks products serve a wide array of fields ranging from heavy industry to the electronic and computer industries .
rockland trust is a commercial bank based in rockland , massachusetts that serves southeastern massachusetts , coastal massachusetts , cape cod , and bostons metrowest . established in 1907 as rockland trust company . a wholly owned subsidiary of independent bank corp. , by october 2016 , rockland trust had $ 7.5 billion in assets and employed around 1,000 people .
olympic arms , inc. is a manufacturer and marketer of ar-15 and m16 pattern rifles , carbines and pistols . the company manufactures colt 1911 series 70 style pistols under the name safari arms and the whitney 22 caliber pistol .
e. a. pierce & co. was a securities brokerage firm based in new york city . founded as a.a. housman & co. , the firm was renamed for edward a. pierce in 1927 . in 1930 , following the stock market crash of 1929 e. a. pierce acquired the brokerage business of merrill lynch . ten years later , merrill lynch merged with e. a. pierce .
the chosen coal industry company was a kabushiki kaisha in colonial korea that operated collieries in aoji , sinaoji and obong in gyeongheung county , north hamgyeong province .
chester barrie is a semi-bespoke gentlemans tailor located at no19 savile row , london . founded in 1935 by expatriate english tailor simon ackerman , and presently owned by prominent europe . the company provides ready-to-wear clothes , as well as made-to-measure tailoring .
timeform is a sports data and content provider located in halifax , west yorkshire , england founded in 1948 to provide information to fans , bettors , and others involved in the horse racing industry . the company was purchased by the sports betting exchange betfair in december 2006 . since 2 february 2016 , it has been owned by paddy power betfair .
repsol s.a. is an integrated global energy company based in madrid , spain . it carries out upstream and downstream activities throughout the entire world . it has more than 24,000 employees worldwide . it is vertically integrated and operates in all areas of the oil and gas industry , including exploration and production , refining , distribution and marketing , petrochemicals , power generation and trading .
haikuo soft is a japanese visual novel studio known for creating adult-oriented bishjo games . the company began in 2001 as a djin soft circle named haikuo -LRB- -RRB- and created six games in that time . haikuo soft released their first title sukumizu police in 2004 after transitioning from a djin group .
coca-cola bottling company united , inc. is a private coca-cola bottling company headquartered in birmingham , alabama , usa . coca-cola united is the largest privately held coca-cola bottler in the united states and the second largest in which the coca-cola company does not own an interest . coca-cola united is a direct store delivery bottler . finished product is delivered to customers within a geographic area . therefore , they are considered the brands local coca-cola bottler distributors .
apf electronics , inc. was a publicly traded company in the united states dedicated to consumer electronics . the companys name comes from the initials of the two brothers who founded the company , al & phil friedman .
auburn bearing & manufacturing is a manufacturer of ball/roller thrust bearings established in 1893 in auburn , ny . its products are designed with a v-groove raceway which reduces friction by containing the ball bearings with four points of contact . auburn bearing & manufacturing is one of the oldest continuously operating bearing manufacturers in the united states today .
harper is an american publishing house , currently the flagship imprint of global publisher harpercollins .
papercutz graphic novels is an american publisher of family-friendly comic books and graphic novels , mostly based on licensed properties such as nancy drew , the hardy boys , and lego ninjago . papercutz has also published new volumes of the golden age-era comics series classics illustrated and tales from the crypt . in recent years they have begun publishing english translations of european all-ages comics , including the smurfs .
mattress world , inc. , doing business as mattress world of michigan was a mattress retailer with stores in michigan and seven in indiana in the midwestern united states . its headquarters were in genoa township , michigan , near howell . in a press release , art van stated that mattress world catered to a value conscious consumer who is interested in national brands at the lowest prices , selling brands such as tempur-pedic , simmons , sealy and serta .
irwin industrial tools is an american manufacturer and distributor of hand tools and power tool accessories . it is owned by stanley black & decker . it is best known for producing vise-grip locking pliers . additionally , it produces clamps , drill bits , taps and dies , screw extractors , bolt extractors , saw blades , pipe wrenches , screwdrivers , snips , and other construction tools .
the alrov group is a real estate development company headquartered in tel aviv , israel . it is listed on the tel aviv stock exchange .
tommy hilfiger , formerly known as tommy hilfiger corporation and tommy hilfiger inc. , is an american multinational corporation that designs and manufactures upper market apparel for men , women and children , and a wide range of licensed products such as footwear , accessories , fragrances and home furnishings . the company was founded in 1985 , and today is sold in department stores and over 1400 free-standing retail stores in 90 countries .
safilo group s.p.a. is an italian company that designs , produces and distributes prescription frames , sunglasses , sports eyewear , ski goggles and helmets , and cycling helmets under its own five house brands and 32 licensed brands . their products are primarily manufactured in three italian facilities with an additional plant in slovenia , one in united states and one in china , and are marketed in 130 countries worldwide .
pager , inc. is a mobile healthcare technology company that developed a mobile app which connects healthcare providers and patients with different types of urgent care health services . the mobile-health patient engagement app was designed to help patients and healthcare providers share information , schedule online doctor visits , talk to a doctor online and manage patient data from a smartphone or tablet .
the ncb financial group limited is a financial services conglomerate operating in the caribbean region and headquartered in kingston , jamaica . the company is listed on the jamaica stock exchange and is the parent company of the national commercial bank of jamaica limited . it is also a significant shareholder of guardian holdings limited , one of the largest insurance providers in the caribbean .
trusted media brands , inc. , formerly known as the readers digest association , inc. , is an american multi-platform media and publishing company that is co-headquartered in new york city and white plains , new york . the company was founded by husband and wife dewitt wallace and lila bell wallace in new york city in 1922 with the first publication of readers digest .
steamin billy group is a pub owning company with its own beer brands . an alliance was formed when in 1994 , william allingham , aged 19 , brewed a house beer for licensee barry lount of the cow & plough , oadby leicester . they called the beer steamin billy named after barrys family jack russell . in 1996 bill allingham & barry lount formed steamin billy brewing co ltd to embark upon opening new pubs .
mgm animation/visual arts was an american animation studio established in 1962 by animation director/producer chuck jones and producer les goldman as sib tower 12 productions . its productions include the last series of tom and jerry theatrical shorts , the tv specials horton hears a who and the feature film the phantom tollbooth , all released by metro-goldwyn-mayer .
seafirst corporation was a bank holding company based in seattle , washington . formed on november 11 , 1929 , from the merger of seattles three largest banks , the first national bank group , the dexter horton national bank , and seattle national bank , the bank was originally named first seattle dexter horton national bank . in 1931 , the bank changed its name to first national bank of seattle , and again in 1935 to seattle-first national bank .
whyd you stop me ? is a nonprofit organization with a stated goal of decreasing acts of violence between police and the public . it conducts programs to dispel misconceptions about police as well as train officers to better understand community issues . it also teaches leaderships skills needed to deal with authority figures in ones life .
clc bio is a bioinformatics software company headquartered in aarhus , denmark , and with offices in cambridge , massachusetts , tokyo , taipei and delhi . clc bios software has more than 250,000 users in more than 100 countries around the globe .
eca records is a record label based in new york city . its most notable artists are the number 12 looks like you and its alumni artist senses fail , of whom they released the debut ep .
st-just aviation is a canadian aircraft manufacturer based in boucherville , quebec , a suburb of montreal . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of aircraft kits for bushplane operations , based on cessna designs . the company was originally located in mirabel .
barovier & toso is an italian company that specializes in venetian glass . the company is one of the oldest family businesses in the world , founded in 1295 as barovier . it is thought that the company originated in treviso , but the company headquarters is currently based in the palazzo contarini in murano , italy .
the ontario power authority was an independent , non-profit corporation established through the electricity restructuring act , 2004 . licensed by the ontario energy board , it reported to the ontario legislature through the ministry of energy .
mller is a multinational producer of dairy products , with a headquarters in fischach in the german state of bavaria . mller has a turnover of 5 billion . it is one of the uks best selling yogurt brands and has 21,000 employees .
orion new zealand limited is an electricity distribution company , based in christchurch , new zealand . the company was formed under its current name in december 1998 . orion is owned by christchurch city council and selwyn district council . in 2013 , orion posted a $ 49m profit , with $ 32m in dividends going to the shareholding councils .
trigeo network security is a united states-based provider of security information and event management technology . the company helps midmarket organizations proactively protect networks and data from internal and external threats , with a siem appliance that provides real-time log management and automated network defense - from the perimeter to the endpoint .
e-plus was a mobile telecommunications operator in germany . with more than 25 million subscribers , e-plus was the third largest mobile operator in germany , until the takeover from telefnica germany in october , 2014 .
officemax was an american office supplies retailer founded in 1988 . it is now a subsidiary of office depot , inc. , which is headquartered in boca raton , florida . as of december 2012 , officemax operated 941 stores in 47 states , puerto rico , the u.s. virgin islands and mexico . in 2012 , net sales were $ 6.9 billion , down from $ 8.3 billion in 2008 . on february 20 , 2013 , an all-stock merger between office depot and officemax was announced .
hollands pies is a manufacturer of pies and puddings based in baxenden , near accrington in lancashire , england . owned by 2 sisters food group , the company also produces pasties and sausage rolls .
kompass karten is an austrian map publisher based in innsbruck , which specialises in hiking maps , and guides , digital maps , and cycling maps and guides . its range has over 1,000 titles .
industria de diseo textil , s.a. is a spanish multinational clothing company headquartered in arteixo , galicia . inditex , the biggest fashion group in the world , operates over 7,200 stores in 93 markets worldwide . the companys flagship store is zara , but it also owns the chains zara home , massimo dutti , bershka , oysho , pull and bear , stradivarius and uterqe .
valhalla game studios international ltd. in tokyo , japan . an international division was later founded in british columbia , canada , which acquired all intellectual property and shares of the original valhalla game studios and other affiliates , effectively making them subsidiaries of the canadian company .
churchs is a high-end english footwear manufacturer founded in 1873 by thomas church and his three sons . during the 1990s the company came under the control of prada which bought 83 % of the company at us $ 170 million . prada later sold a 45 % stake to equinox , a private equity firm .
541917n 1099egerman naval yards holdings gmbh is a german shipyard group which combines three shipyards in the kieler frde under its umbrella : german naval yards kiel , nobiskrug and lindenau . the group is a 100 % subsidiary of privinvest , a european shipyard group which also owns other naval companies such as cmn in france and isherwoods in great britain . in 2014 , the gnyh shipyards generated a turnover of approx .
meriton is australias largest apartment developer and also the countrys biggest residential home builder founded by harry triguboff ao , its managing director , in 1963 . meriton sells apartments and also operates serviced apartments accommodation under its meriton suites brand in sydney , brisbane and the gold coast . in 2007 , it was estimated the company was building about 1,200 apartments each year . by 2010 this figure had increased to 2,000 units .
relicord is an initiative by the reliance industries in the field of biotechnological advancement . it is established as a part of the subsidiary of reliance industries , reliance life sciences . relicord is the first to have a registered cord blood bank and repository in india as well as the entire region of south east asia . in terms of biotechnology india is currently amongst the top five countries in the asia pacific region .
the industrial development & renovation organization of iran known as idro group was established in 1967 in iran . idro group is one of the largest companies in iran . it is also one of the largest conglomerates in asia . idros objective is to develop irans industry sector and to accelerate the industrialization process of the country and to export iranian products worldwide . today , idro owns 117 subsidiaries and affiliated companies both domestically as well as internationally .
tcu financial group is a credit union with a head office in saskatoon , saskatchewan and locations in regina , saskatchewan , and at the end of 2015 was the 46th largest credit union in canada . tcu financial group has 5 branches in saskatchewan . as of 2015 , the credit union had $ 868 million in assets under administration and approximately 18,900 members . tcu financial group has naming rights on tcu place .
nightowl convenience stores is a franchised system of convenience stores operating in australia - predominantly in the state of queensland .
boll weevil was a casual dining chain of hamburger restaurants located in san diego , california , united states .
santana motor s.a. was a spanish car manufacturer based in linares , in the province of jan , spain .
pride air was a united states airline that operated for three months during 1985 . pride air was based out of new orleans international airport .
investire sgr is an independent real estate asset management firm with approximately 7 billion in assets under management as of june 2016 . the company is the result of the merger of three real estate asset management companies : investire immobiliare sgr , polaris real estate sgr and beni stabili gestioni sgr . the real estate portfolio managed by investire is located all over italy , across different market sectors , including office , retail , healthcare and social housing .
the groupement des industries franaises aronautiques et spatiales is the french aerospace industries association created in 1908 , featuring more than 260 members . the first name of the association was association des industries de la locomotion arienne . it acquired its current name in 1975 . the current president of the gifas is ric trappier , dassault aviation ceo .
bepress , formerly the berkeley electronic press , is an academic software firm that was founded by academics in 1999 . it is dedicated to producing products and services to support scholarly communication , including institutional repository and publishing software . until september 2011 it also published electronic journals . it was co-founded by robert cooter and aaron edlin .
jerini ag was a pharmaceutical company based in berlin , germany , which focused on the discovery and development of novel peptide-based drugs . using a proprietary technology platform , peptides-to-drugs , jerini pursued disease indications for which limited , inadequate , or no treatment options exist . as a result , jerini established a drug pipeline composed of its own programs as well as others in collaboration with partners .
veterans united home loans is a full service mortgage lender headquartered in columbia , missouri . the company has 26 offices nationwide and is licensed in all 50 states . the company primarily originates va loans , a mortgage product guaranteed by the u.s. department of veterans affairs . in 2016 , veterans united financed $ 10.3 billion in va volume nationwide , making it the third largest vendor in the nation .
china resources vanguard , doing business as china resources vanguard shop or vanguard , operates the supermarket chains of china resources . it is the third-largest supermarket chain in hong kong . as of 31 december 2014 , there are 4866 shops operating in hong kong and the mainland chinese provinces / municipalities of guangdong , zhejiang , jiangsu , shanghai , tianjin and beijing .
grays pottery , also spelled as grays pottery and formally known as a.e. gray ltd. was a british pottery company based in hanley , staffordshire , later stoke-upon-trent , which existed until it was taken over by portmeirion pottery in 1960 . the company was founded by , and named after , albert edward gray . grays business began in stoke-upon-trent in 1907 and became a production operation in mayer street , hanley , stoke-on-trent by 1912 .
taschen is an art book publisher founded in 1980 by benedikt taschen in cologne , germany . as of january 2017 , taschen is co-managed by benedikt and his eldest daughter , marlene taschen .
ringtales is an animation production company that creates short online cartoons from existing print comics .
tishman speyer properties is a company that invests in real estate .
elia is a belgian transmission system operator for high-voltage electricity , located in brussels , belgium . it operates in belgium and germany . the company transmits electricity from generators to distribution system operators , which then supply smes and homes . elia also has contracts with major industrial users that directly connect to its high-voltage grid .
macro sea is an american real estate development firm formed in 2009 by developer david belt . primarily known for its development of adaptive reuse and interim use projects , macro sea has been the subject of substantial media coverage recently because of its development of new lab , building 128 in the brooklyn navy yard . their portfolio includes educational , arts , retail , residential buildings , student housing , and cultural centers .
st. jamess place plc is a uk-based wealth management business . it was listed on the london stock exchange in 1997 and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
srtab s.a. is a haitian technology company headquartered in port-au-prince , haiti , that designs , develops , and sells computer hardware and consumer electronics , most notably , tablet computers .
the great harvest bread company is a franchise in the united states that sells fresh-baked bread and other items .
shelfari was a social cataloging website for books that merged with goodreads . shelfari users build virtual bookshelves of the titles they own or have read , and can rate , review , tag , and discuss their books . users can also create groups that other members may join , create discussions , and talk about books , or other topics . recommendations can be sent to friends on the site for what books to read . shelfari was launched on october 11 , 2006 .
oerlikon balzers is a part of the oc oerlikon group , a swiss technology conglomerate , and a supplier of pvd coatings . the oc oerlikon group consists of companies in the following industries : textile , drive systems , vacuum technologies , solar , coating and advanced technologies . the coatings produced by oerlikon balzers aim to improve the performance and service life of , for example , metallic precision components by reducing friction and supplying additional hardness .
metrowagonmash is an engineering company in mytishchi , russia . metrowagonmash is one of the leading enterprises in russia operating in the field of transport machine building . it specializes in development , designing and manufacturing of rolling stock for metro systems and railways . metrowagonmash is part of transmashholding . until 1992 it was known as mytishchi machine-building factory , which has been a separate company since may 12 , 2009 .
alcosense is both a company and brand name for alcohol breathalysers . the company was founded in the uk in 2007 and manufactures and distributes breathalysers for consumers and businesses . it is part of now group uk ltd , which is owned and operated by racing driver and entrepreneur hunter abbott . alcosense has won multiple awards for its products and its efforts to improve road safety in the uk . among these are brakes road safety awards , what car ? .
heldeberg designs was an american aircraft manufacturer , headquartered in altamont , new york . the company specialized in powered parachutes . originally marketing under its own name , the company marketed its aircraft under the band name blue heron powered parachutes . the company ceased manufacturing the blue heron line of powered parachutes in 2010 . by early 2013 the company website stated : .
cp comboios de portugal , epe is a state-owned company which operates freight and passenger trains in portugal . before june 2009 , cp stood for caminhos de ferro portugueses although the company has been using its current designation as a brand name since 2004 . in 2017 , cp transported 122 million passengers .
western surety company is an insurance company based in sioux falls , south dakota . it was founded in 1900 by attorney joe kirby who periodically needed court bonds in connection with his law practice . headquartered in sioux falls , the company was run for decades by four generations of kirbys . in the mid 20th century it was one of the larger employers in the city . it was also the national leader in the area of small , miscellaneous fidelity and surety bonds .
fenixedu is a software project focused on developing open source software for schools . the core development team currently works out of instituto superior tcnico , lisbon . the goal of this project is to develop a large suite of software products that schools can easily install and configure on their own organization , with very little resources .
bank m is a commercial bank in tanzania . it is licensed by the bank of tanzania , the countrys central bank and national banking regulator , to engage in commercial banking .
adobe systems incorporated , commonly known as adobe , is an american multinational computer software company . the company is headquartered in san jose , california , united states . adobe has historically focused upon the creation of multimedia and creativity software products , with a more recent foray towards rich internet application software development .
naftal is the principal company selling petroleum-based fuels for domestic consumption in algeria its gas stations are a familiar sight throughout the country . founded in 1981 by government decree , it was responsible for refining and distribution until 1987 . in 1998 , it became a subsidiary of sonatrach . it employs about 30,000 workers , and has about 10,000 gas stations .
humble oil and refining co. was founded in 1911 in humble , texas . in 1919 , a 50 % interest in humble was acquired by standard oil of new jersey which acquired the rest of the company in september 1959 and merged with its parent to become exxon company , usa in 1973 .
clinch may refer to : a nail or device to hold in this wayclinching the clinch , a grappling position in boxing or wrestling , a stand-up embrace . clinch county , georgia , usaclinch river , near tazewell , virginia , usaclinch & co brewery , an english brewery founded in 1811clinch & co brewery .
the european regions airline association is the principal trade association representing intra-european regional airlines . it represents 52 airlines and 139 service providers .
saorsat is a free-to-air satellite service in ireland . the service launched on 3 may 2012 .
accuracy international is a specialist and world renowned british firearms manufacturer based in portsmouth , hampshire , england , and best known for producing the accuracy international arctic warfare series of precision sniper rifles . the company was established in 1978 by british olympic shooting gold medallist malcolm cooper , mbe , sarah cooper , martin kay , and the designers of the weapons , dave walls and dave caig . all were highly skilled international or national target shooters .
the indonesia logistics bureau is a government-owned company in indonesia which deals with food distribution and price control .
the hokuto bank is a japanese bank that is headquartered in akita , akita prefecture . the bulk of the banks business is in akita prefecture , although it does operate branches in regional cities such as morioka and sendai , as well as a branch in tokyo . the banks largest stakeholder is the yamagata prefecture-based fidea holdings co. , ltd , which currently controls 100 percent of the company stock .
the saovang joint-stock rubber company , formerly the saovang rubber company which was established in 1960 , is specialized in producing tires and tubes for jet airplanes , automobiles , special-purpose vehicles , motorbikes , bicycles and technical rubber products .
th . schneider was a french automobile manufacturer . the socit anonyme des automobiles th . schneider was registered at besanon on 16 june 1910 . vehicle production finally ended early in 1930 , some ten months after the companys second declaration of bankruptcy , in march 1929 . a significant proportion of the manufacturers output was exported to england .
franaise des jeux is the operator of frances national lottery games , and the title sponsor of the fdj cycling team . the name of the company loosely translates as the french games . the company is owned and operated by the french government . in addition to lottery games , the company also provides online games and sports betting markets , such as football , cycling and track/field .
tiny bull studios is an italian video game developer company based in turin , italy . founded in 2011 , it released its first game , space connect , in may 2012 .
rmc group plc was a multinational ready mixed concrete , quarrying and concrete products company headquartered in egham , united kingdom . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index , but was acquired by cemex of mexico in 2005 .
coinfloor is a london-based bitcoin exchange established in early 2013 . coinfloor has launched the first exchange-backed peer-to-peer marketplace for bitcoin , coinfloor market , which connects vetted brokers with investors and consumers looking to buy bitcoins . buyers are able to send funds directly to a broker using a local uk bank transfer . coinfloor is also the first exchange to employ a sophisticated algorithmic rounding engine for fee calculation .
kaplan , inc. is a for-profit corporation that provides educational services to colleges and universities and corporations and businesses , including higher education programs , professional training and certifications , test preparation and student support services . headquartered in fort lauderdale , florida , kaplan was founded in 1938 by stanley kaplan and is a wholly owned subsidiary of graham holdings company , formerly known as the washington post company .
midland scientific is a woman-owned , full-line laboratory products distributor with offices in nebraska , iowa , colorado , south dakota , and texas . midland scientific is a provider of laboratory supplies including chemicals , reagents , solutions , glassware , plasticware , biological media , instrumentation , measurement equipment , general laboratory supplies and laboratory consumables .
the damodar valley corporation is a government aided organization which operates several power stations in the damodar river area of west bengal and jharkhand states of india . the corporation operates both thermal power stations and hydel power stations under the ministry of power , govt of india . dvc is headquartered in the city of kolkata , west bengal , india .
globeimmune , inc. is a clinical-stage public biopharmaceutical company headquartered in louisville , colorado , that develops therapeutic vaccines to treat cancer and infectious diseases . as of august 2014 , the company had no marketed products . globeimmunes therapeutic vaccines are developed on the companys tarmogen immunotherapy platform . tarmogens are made from genetically modified yeast that express one or more disease-associated antigens .
companhia brasileira de aluminio cba is the largest aluminium producer in brazil having a total annual production of around 480,000 tonnes . it is headquartered in the city of so paulo .
deutsche werke was a german shipbuilding company founded in 1925 when kaiserliche werft kiel and other shipyards were merged . it came as a result of the treaty of versailles after world war i that forced the german defence industry to shrink . the company was owned by the government of the weimar republic and its headquarters was in berlin . deutsche werke started building merchant ships but when the nazi party gained power in 1933 the production was changed to naval ships .
specim , spectral imaging ltd is a european technology firm headquartered in oulu , finland . specim manufactures and sells imaging spectrographs , hyperspectral cameras and systems . specims airborne aisa hyperspectral cameras have been utilized for example in monitoring the environmental effects of major industrial catastrophes such as deepwater horizon oil spill and red mud spill .
mcgarrah jessee is an independent brand development and integrated marketing agency based in austin , texas . the firm , named small agency of the year : gold by advertising age in 2017 , is known for its broad definition of branding , which includes retail design , packaging , merchandise , nontraditional and digital executions in addition to traditional advertising , and has achieved notoriety for its guerrilla marketing campaigns , most notably for shiner beers .
marsh is a global professional services firm , headquartered in new york city with operations in insurance broking and risk management . marsh is a subsidiary of marsh & mclennan companies and a member of its risk & insurance services business unit . marshs $ 5.98 billion in 2016 revenue accounted for 45 % of the parent companys total fiscal year revenue .
burford capital , founded in 2009 , provides specialized finance to the legal market . it operates as a finance and professional services company worldwide with principal offices in new york , london and chicago . the company offers a range of legal finance and litigation finance solutions to lawyers and clients engaged in litigation and arbitration . its businesses include litigation finance and risk management , asset recovery and other legal finance and advisory activities .
founded in 1982 by jim penman , jims mowing has expanded to become jims group . after launching the jims mowing franchise in 1989 further divisions followed . the second division was cleaning and since then the franchise model has been adapted to almost 50 different service industries . in 2009 there was a major disruption from the franchisees when fees were raised and jim penman was almost voted out .
union bank of norway branded as sparebanken nor was norways largest savings bank between 1990 and 1999 . the bank was created as a merger between sparebanken abc and four other regional savings banks . the new bank had its headquarters in oslo and was in existence until 1999 when it merged with gjensidige to form gjensidige nor .
global university systems is a private limited company registered in the netherlands . as a corporate group , it owns and operates several private for-profit colleges and universities in the uk , canada , and europe as well as other brands and companies in the education sector such as the e-learning provider interactive .
client first settlement funding is a financial services company that buys and sells structured settlement payments and lottery winnings . the company provides clients with a lump sum of cash in exchange for their monthly , quarterly or annual payments . headquartered in boca raton , florida , the company is privately owned and was formed in 2008 .
relx group is a british multinational information and analytics company headquartered in london . it operates in four market segments : scientific , technical and medical risk and business analytics legal and exhibitions . it is a dual-listed company . relx plc , the london stock exchange listed shareholding vehicle , holds 52.9 % of the shares in relx group . relx nv , the amsterdam stock exchange listed shareholding vehicle , holds 47.1 % of the shares in relx group .
tommy boy music is an american independent record label founded in 1981 by tom silverman . the label is credited with launching the music careers of queen latifah , afrika bambaataa , digital underground , de la soul , house of pain , and naughty by nature . tommy boy is also credited with introducing genres such as edm , latin freestyle , and latin hip hop to mainstream audiences .
kappa publishing group , inc. is a blue bell , pennsylvania based publishing company concentrating on adult puzzle books and magazines as well as childrens magazines and maps . it is a private company founded in 1955 with $ 11.5 million in annual sales .
cyril leonard is one of londons longest established property firms and has grown from a small family concern at formation in 1934 to an international consultancy handling all forms of commercial property with a reach across the uk , europe and the us .
telefnica germany gmbh & co. ohg is a provider of broadband , landline and mobile telecommunications in germany . the company trades as o2 and o2 dsl . the company was renamed from telefnica o2 germany to telefnica germany on 1 april 2011 following the completion of a merger with hansenet .
new orleans lager and ale brewing company , commonly called nola brewing company , is a brewery in new orleans , louisiana , usa . the brewery is located in a converted old warehouse building at the corner of tchoupitoulas and seventh streets in uptown new orleans . following the closure of the dixie brewing company facility after hurricane katrina in 2005 , no commercial brewery operated in new orleans until nola brewing company produced its first craft beer in 2009 .
agilebio is a laboratory information management systems company headquartered in paris , france , focusing on open source technology . it was founded on june 1 , 2002 by the virologist pierre rodrigues . the companys best-known product is labcollector , a program that creates a lab intranet for centralized data management and collaboration . other agilebio brands include barcode discount and storage accessories .
jungle city studios is a recording studio owned and operated by ann mincieli , alicia keyss longtime engineer and studio coordinator . located in chelsea , manhattan , it was designed by john storyk of walters-storyk design group .
lolly wolly doodle is an american company that manufactures womens and childrens clothing for sale online . it was founded in 2008 by brandi temple in her hometown of lexington , north carolina , and is now owned by investment firm stage fund . after investments by venture capitalists such as revolution growth , it expanded to include production facilities in new york city some business is outsourced to china and latin america . lolly wolly doodle sells most of its products through its facebook page .
dci group is an american public relations , lobbying and business consulting firm based in washington , d.c. the company was founded in 1996 as a consulting firm , and has since expanded its practice to become a public affairs company offering a range of services . dci group provides communications and advocacy services to clients including large us corporations , trade associations , non-profit organizations , and government organizations including educational institutions .
hawes is a small market town and civil parish in the richmondshire district of north yorkshire , england , that was granted its market charter in 1699 . historically in the north riding of yorkshire , hawes is located at the head of wensleydale in the yorkshire dales the river ure runs to the north of the town and is regarded as one of the honeypot tourist attractions of the yorkshire dales national park . the parish of hawes also includes the neighbouring hamlet of gayle .
banco gallego , s.a. was a spanish bank based in santiago de compostela , galicia . operating primarily in the region of galicia the bank has branches throughout spain . on the april 17 , 2013 banco gallego was sold to banco sabadell for the symbolic sum of 1 euro and will be integrated in banco sabadell at the beginning of 2014 .
odebrecht energia is a brazilian power company founded in 2010 by the brazilian multinational odebrecht .
pixelmetrix corporation is a company that develops preventive monitoring products for terrestrial , satellite , cable , and iptv networks . the company is known for its dvstation product , and also provides equipment and network intelligence systems to television broadcasters for the management and monitoring of quality of service and quality of experience . pixelmetrix is headquartered in singapore , and also has offices in the united states and europe .
carbon black , inc. is a cybersecurity company based in waltham , massachusetts . the company develops endpoint security software that detects malicious behavior and prevents malicious files from attacking an organization . it is an actor in the next-generation antivirus , endpoint detection and response and endpoint protection platform space .
sechaba brewery holdings limited is the investment holding company with 60 % controlling interest in kgalagadi breweries limited and botswana breweries limited . sab miller holds the remaining 40 % minority interest . it was listed on the botswana stock exchange on 19 jun 1989 .
mr whippy or mister whippy is the name used by various manufacturers , distributors and sellers of ice cream and frozen yogurt around the world . mr whippy originated in the united kingdom in 1958 , selling soft serve ice cream to the public from mobile vans . the brand merged with walls in 1964 . other companies with the same name operate in great britain , australia , new zealand , ireland , germany and the united states .
digitech is an american company that manufactures digital guitar effects .
elsevier is an information and analytics company and one of the worlds major providers of scientific , technical , and medical information . it was established in 1880 as a publishing company . it is a part of the relx group , known until 2015 as reed elsevier .
datalight is a privately held software company specializing in power failsafe and high performance software for preserving data integrity in embedded systems . the company was founded in 1983 by roy sherrill , and is headquartered in bothell , washington .
budget aviation holdings is a singapore-based holding company for a low-cost carrier operating in the asia-pacific region , consisting of scoot . the holding company was formed on 18 may 2016 to allow for easier management of the airline subsidiaries following the delisting of tiger airways from the singapore stock exchange .
h. j. wilson co. , also known as wilsons , was an american catalog showroom chain based in baton rouge , louisiana . founded in 1947 as a jewelry store , it was acquired in 1985 by service merchandise .
sciapode is a french film production and distribution company headquartered in paris . founded in 2003 , the company specializes in producing european feature films , both fictional and documentary , blending different genres and art forms .
colossal pictures pictures or p -RRB- was an entertainment company that developed and produced television programming , advertising , network branding , and visual effects . colossals work has won every major industry award , from the clio , emmy and grammy to the cannes gold lion and academy of interactive arts & sciences top honor .
junkee media , formerly known as sound alliance , is a digital media company based in australia . according to the company , junkee medias websites attract a monthly audience of over 2 million unique browsers . nearly 70 per cent of the websites traffic comes from mobile devices and the biggest referrer to the network is facebook .
brightroam is a deep discount international roaming mobile provider owned by iroam mobile solutions a subsidiary of sea change corporation . the company is headquartered in toronto , ontario , canada and provides global cellular communications to corporations and individuals at reduced costs associated with international roaming .
forticom is an it company based in latvia . it was the owner of online social networks one.lv and one.lt . 100 % of forticom is owned by mail.ru group . at this moment the company sold one.lt but the second project one.lv was closed in january 2013 . one website debuted in 1999 and offered the ability send free sms text messages to mobile phones . the service became very successful as at the time texting was expensive .
corecivic , formerly the corrections corporation of america , is a company that owns and manages private prisons and detention centers and operates others on a concession basis . co-founded in 1983 in nashville , tennessee by thomas w. beasley , a republican party chairman , robert crants , and t. don hutto , it received initial investments from the tennessee valley authority , vanderbilt university , and jack c. massey , the founder of hospital corporation of america .
xstrata plc was an anglo-swiss multinational mining company headquartered in zug , switzerland and with its registered office in london , united kingdom . it was a major producer of coal , copper , nickel , primary vanadium and zinc and the worlds largest producer of ferrochrome . it had operations in 19 countries across africa , asia , australasia , europe , north america and south america .
bowlin travel centers , inc. is a new mexico - based company that operates a chain of roadside convenience stores and travel centers found on highways in the american southwest . the stores are located primarily in the u.s. states of arizona and new mexico their corporate headquarters are located in albuquerque . the companys chief executive officer is michael l. bowlin . bowlin previously served on the board of directors of global entertainment corporation .
zenify is a bengaluru-based residential rental management company founded in 2012 . customers can search and rent properties online . the company provides overall maintenance of the residential buildings that it handles , including waste management , security , housekeeping and bill payments .
keyeast is a management agency founded by actor bae yong-joon .
pt smartfren telecom tbk -RRB- , also simply smartfren and styled smartfren , is one of the leading telecommunication service providers in indonesia for retail and corporate segment . smartfren began operations in 2011 in indonesia . in 2015 , smartfren launched the first 4g lte advance service in indonesia and became the leading 4g service provider that currently has the widest 4g lte coverage in indonesia .
gpswox is an online gps tracking software and fleet management system located in london , united kingdom . the company was founded in 2014 by the current ceo martynas kavaliauskas . the software is used to track objects that include car , van , truck , motorcycle , cargo , boat , bicycle , people , pet and mobile . gpswox software is compatible with gps trackers brands and smartphones .
sky central america and caribbean is a company that operates a subscription television service in mexico , central america , and the dominican republic . it produces tv content , and owns several tv channels . it is one of mexicos leading pay-tv providers and is owned by televisa and at & t international , a subsidiary of at & t.
wells fargo rail is the new name for the historic first union rail corporation , along with the combined business of the former ge capital rail services , which wells fargo purchased from ge in september 2015 . the new company/name took effect january 1 , 2016 , and is based in rosemont , illinois , usa . wells fargo rail is the largest railcar and locomotive leasing company in north america with over 175,000 railcars and 1,800 locomotives available .
bakkafrost is a faroese salmon farming company based in glyvrar on the island of eysturoy in the faroe islands . bakkafrost is the largest fish farming company in the faroe islands , and one of the biggest private employer in the islands , if not the biggest . bakkafrost is the eighth-largest fish farming company in the world .
cinetic media is an american film financing and film distribution company that specializes in releasing independent films theatrically and through video on demand . the company was founded by john sloss . and internationally , his films are distributed by universal pictures .
last hours is an anti-authoritarian publishing collective . from 2003 to 2008 it produced a fanzine , initially called rancid news until issue 9 , changing its name to last hours from issue 10 till the final issue , 17 , in may 2008 . all 17 issues were edited by edd baldry before he stood down as editor .
danjaq , llc is the holding company responsible for the copyright and trademarks to the characters , elements , and other material related to james bond on screen . it is currently owned and managed by the family of albert r. broccoli , the co-initiator of the popular film franchise . eon productions , the production company responsible for producing the james bond films , is a subsidiary company of danjaq .
smrt corporation limited is a public transport operator incorporated on 6 march 2000 , as a result of an industry overhaul to form multi-modal public-transport operators in singapore . its rail services began on 7 november 1987 . it is one of the largest public-transport companies in singapore , second to comfortdelgro .
tonwaren-industrie wiesloch was a brickworks which existed in wiesloch , germany between 18951989 . it was one of the largest and most significant factories in germany . the factory was located just north of wiesloch-walldorf station . raw clay material was excavated from a clay pit in the dmmelwald forest on the north-west side of wiesloch .
warp films is an independent film and television production company based in sheffield & london , uk , with a further affiliated company warp films australia based in melbourne , australia .
vinted is an online marketplace and community that allows its users to sell , buy , and swap secondhand clothing items and accessories .
saint benedict press , llc , a division of goodwill publishers , is a roman catholic publisher founded in charlotte , north carolina in 2006 .
the irish co-operative organisation society is a cooperative organisation in the republic of ireland . with its roots in the irish agricultural organisation society , icos promotes commercial co-operative businesses and enterprise , across multiple sections of the irish economy .
hi-tops video was a childrens home video sublabel of media home entertainment , active from 1980 until 1996 . some releases include some charlie brown specials , madeline and mostly some of the baby songs releases .
triad securities corp. was founded in 1976 as a full-service agency only discount brokerage firm . currently , it has its corporate headquarters in the wall street area of new york city . triads products and services comprise three categories : prime brokerage , the new issue service , and u.s. and international equity and fixed income execution .
makeblock is a private chinese technology company headquartered in shenzhen , china , that develops arduino based hardware , robotics hardware , and scratch based software , providing educational tools for learning programming , engineering , and mathematics through the use of robotics . makeblock has been the recipient of international design awards and its products are sold in over 140 countries . currently , it has over 4,500,000 users worldwide .
cyprus popular bank was the second largest banking group in cyprus behind the bank of cyprus until it was shuttered in march 2013 and split into two parts . the good cypriot part was merged into the bank of cyprus and the bad part or legacy entity holds all the overseas operations as well as uninsured deposits above 100,000 euro , old shares and bonds .
new york public radio is the owner of wnyc , wnyc-fm , wnyc studios , wqxr-fm , new jersey public radio , and the jerome l. greene performance space . combined , new york public radio owns wnyc , wnyc-fm , wqxr-fm , wqxw , wnjt-fm , wnjp , wnjy , and wnjo.new york public radio is a not-for-profit corporation , incorporated in 1979 , and is a publicly supported organization . the nypr stations broadcast from studios and offices in the tribeca section of manhattan .
sord computer corporation was a japanese electronics company , founded in 1970 by the entrepreneur takayoshi shiina . it is now toshiba personal computer system corporation , a subsidiary of toshiba .
kregel publications is an evangelical christian book publisher based in grand rapids , michigan . it has three subdivisions : kregel publications , editorial portavoz and kregel parable bookstore .
mykita gmbh is an eyewear manufacturer based in berlin , germany known internationally for its hand-assembled prescription frames and sunglasses .
cake entertainment is a british entertainment company founded in 2002 . in 2011 , madrid-based company zinkia entertainment acquired a stake in cake entertainment . in 2014 , cake entertainment bought itself back .
telecom north america inc is an interexchange carrier licensed in all states of the usa and in all provinces of canada . it was created on march 27 , 2002 , as the american subsidiary of 3u telecom ag , a german telecom provider . the company headquarters are located in henderson , nevada .
airvana was acquired by commscope in 2015 . prior to that , the company was an independent provider of small cells and femtocells based on fourth generation long term evolution and third-generation cdma2000 ev-do mobile broadband technologies . airvana products enable mobile operators to deliver 3g and 4g cellular data services indoors .
arckiv is a london-based fashion house that specialises in menswear fashion inspired by military and workwear . the company was founded in the late 1990s by fraser laing . originally specialising in eyewear , arckiv eventually became a menswear label in 2010 after its eyewear division became a separate company .
yugoimportsdpr is a serbian state-owned intermediary company for the import and export of defense-related equipment , with the headquarters in belgrade , serbia . the company was founded in 1949 in what was then yugoslavia , for the needs of the yugoslav defense industry . today the company represents the government and military industrial complex of serbia in the sphere of importation and exportation cooperation of defense equipment and related services .
neutrogena is an american brand of skin care , hair care and cosmetics , that is headquartered in los angeles , california . according to product advertising at their website , neutrogena products are distributed in more than 70 countries . neutrogena was founded in 1930 by emanuel stolaroff , and was originally a cosmetics company named natone . it is now part of the us-based johnson & johnson conglomerate , which bought the independent company in 1994 .
sg interactive , formerly ntreev usa , is a us-based publisher of free-to-play online multiplayer games , including multiplayer golf game pangya , anime-inspired mmorpg trickster online , action brawler grand chase and mmofps project blackout .
mercedes amg high performance powertrains is a british formula one engine manufacturer , owned by mercedes-benz . the company has supplied sauber during the 1994 season , mclaren from 1995 to 2014 , force india since 2009 , brawn in 2009 , the mercedes factory team since 2010 , williams since 2014 , lotus in 2015 and manor racing in 2016 .
fedex corporation is an american multinational courier delivery services company headquartered in memphis , tennessee . the name fedex is a syllabic abbreviation of the name of the companys original air division , federal express , which was used from 1973 until 2000 .
bitgo is a blockchain security company . it is headquartered in palo alto , california . it was founded in 2013 by mike belshe and ben davenport .
computer task group , incorporated is an american multinational company headquartered in buffalo , new york , that provides information technology staffing and solutions .
vetter software is a privately owned web-based electronic health record veterinary healthcare company founded in 2011 , in santa clara , california . the saas company provides a platform for veterinary physicians and pet care professionals . vetter software provides veterinary practice management software using the freemium model . the software includes electronic health records , scheduling , inventory management , billing , lab integrations , and reports .
breakwater resources was a mining company based in toronto , ontario , canada . on august 26 , 2011 the company was acquired by nyrstar .
accel frontline ltd is an information technology services company based in chennai , india . it was a joint-venture company between accel limited of chennai and frontline technologies corporation limited of singapore . its main business is providing it infrastructure management , software solutions and warranty management services .
blackhill enterprises was a rock music management company , founded as a partnership by the four original members of pink floyd , with peter jenner and andrew king . blackhill were the organisers of the first hyde park free concerts . after syd barrett left pink floyd , the partnership was dissolved , and jenner and king continued blackhill to manage barrett .
ijm corporation berhad is one of malaysias leading conglomerates and is listed on the main market of bursa malaysia securities berhad . its core business activities encompass construction , property development , manufacturing and quarrying , infrastructure concessions and plantations .
domtar corporation is the largest integrated producer of uncoated free-sheet paper in north america and the second largest in the world based on production capacity , and is also a manufacturer of papergrade pulp .
new proton bank was a commercial bank based in athens , greece . it had been established as a good bank , to which all deposits and sound assets of proton bank were transferred .
ska brewing company is a brewery founded in 1995 by bill graham and dave thibodeau in durango , colorado , usa . since 2008 , the brewery has been located in its current bodo industrial park location . its beer names and branding revolve around ska and rude boy culture .
modernizing medicine , inc. , is a software company headquartered at the research park at florida atlantic university in boca raton , florida . the company has two co-founders : daniel cane , ceo and co-founder of blackboard , inc. , and dr. michael sherling , chief medical officer and practicing dermatologist .
tracking the wild is a social media platform built specifically for wildlife . the platform has a two-pronged approach . on the one hand , it is a social media tool to share wildlife sightings and provide a host of reserve specific information . on the other hand , the platform embraces crowdsourcing and citizen science to generate valuable wildlife sightings data for conservation research .
jactravel is a supplier of hotel accommodation for the global travel industry and provider of specialist inbound travel services to the uk and ireland . with headquarters in london , regional offices throughout the uk , europe , asia , the middle-east and north america . in june 2014 , jactravel was acquired by private equity firm vitruvian partnersin march 2015 , jactravel acquired totalstay groupin august 2017 , jactravel was acquired by australian-based travel firm webjet .
wholeys , officially known as robert wholey & co. inc. , is a prominent fish market and grocery store in pittsburghs historic strip district neighborhood . in 2007 , the pittsburgh post-gazette wrote that they are a household word in the region . the strip district warehouse features a signature fish-shaped sign . according to the pittsburgh catholic newspaper , of course , in pittsburgh it wouldnt be fish without wholeys , especially regarding the catholic tradition regarding fish on fridays .
etihad rail , formerly known as union railway , was established in june 2009 under federal law no. 2 to manage the development , construction and operation of the united arab emirates national freight and passenger railway network .
piwnica widnicka was the oldest restaurant in europe . the restaurant got closed at the end of 2017 . it was located in the basement of the old town hall in wrocaw , poland .
rogers plus was a brand name for the retail operations of rogers communications . it was formed in early 2007 from the merger of the rogers wireless chain of telecommunications stores previously operated by intertan under licence from rogers , and the company-owned rogers video chain of video rental stores . rogers retired the rogers video and rogers wireless brand names from its stores and re-branded them as rogers plus . it operated over 300 stores .
finavera wind energy inc. is a publicly traded wind energy development company based in vancouver , british columbia , canada . formerly named finavera renewables inc. , the company develops wind farms in canada and ireland .
the evergreen group is the organizational designation used by a taiwan-based conglomerate of shipping , transportation , and associated service companies . the evergreen group arose in 1975 from the diversification of the original evergreen marine corporation , which was established in 1968 and currently operates as the worlds fourth largest containerized-freight shipping company .
pioneer energy lp , commonly referred to as pioneer , is a gas retailer and convenience store operator , with locations in ontario , canada . founded by murray hogarth in 1956 , it is headquartered in burlington , ontario . it is a subsidiary of parkland fuel corporation .
vedi alco , is one of the leading producers of alcoholic drinks in armenia , located in the village of ginevet of ararat province . it was founded in 1956 as the vedi wine factory by the government of the armenian ssr , named after the vedi raion of soviet armenia . the grapes processed by vedi alco are mainly from the ararat plain as well as the areni and getap region of vayots dzor .
rimmel is a british cosmetics brand , now owned by coty , inc. the house of rimmel was founded by eugne rimmel as a perfumery in 1834 in regent street , london , england . within a year of opening , rimmel came to create many make-up products including his best-known mascara . it gave rise to the term rimmel being used to mean mascara in many mediterranean languages .
esci was a well-known italian scale model manufacturer , which is no longer in business .
ukrops is an american company that operates a central bakery and kitchen producing baked goods and prepared meals . its baked goods are marketed under good meadow and ukrops brand . in 1976 ukrops bought dots pastry shop , a well-known bakery in richmond . it used the name dots pastry shop for years before changing it to ukrops bakery .
storables is a specialty retail chain that carries a variety of products aimed at helping consumers organize their homes and work spaces in the west coast of the united states . its products are categorized into departments including audio , baskets , bath , closets , furniture , kids , kitchen , laundry , novelty , office , and utility . the companys motto is make room for living . storables was founded in 1981 by owner dodd fischer , who had an interest in the housewares/lifestyle store concept .
ulysse nardin is a luxury swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1846 in le locle , switzerland , which has remained in continuous production since . ulysse nardin has operated out of the same building headquartered in le locle , switzerland since 1865 . historically , the company is best known for its manufacture of highly accurate marine chronometers supplied at one point during the 1800s to over fifty of the worlds navies .
aventics is a manufacturer of pneumatic components and systems , with facilities in laatzen , germany bonneville , france lexington , united states eger , hungary and changzhou , china . the lexington pneumatics facility manufactures pneumatic valves , pneumatic cylinders , directional control valves , pressure control valves , electro-pneumatic valves , solenoid valves , grippers , pneumatic fittings , flow controls , actuators , marine propulsion controls and more .
creambell is an ice cream company in india , established by the rj corporation in 2003 . creambell is located in 19 states in india . .
sarl lger aviation was a french aircraft manufacturer based in archiac . when it was in operation the company specialized in the design and manufacture of wooden ultralight aircraft in the form of plans for amateur construction . the company also supplied raw material for construction . the company was a socit responsabilit limite .
starnet is a moldovan internet service provider . the company provides internet services via adsl and fttb .
nines lives media is a manchester-based television production company started in september 2007 by cat lewis . the company makes documentaries , fact-ent formats , drama documentaries , childrens programmes and current affairs for all the major uk broadcasters and for american channels . nine lives is one of two companies with an output deal for channel 4s current affairs strand , dispatches .
multiwebcast , founded in 2000 , is a montreal , quebec-based company which provides asynchronous webcast services for conference organizers and professional associations around the world . multiwebcast also operates under the legal names of e-medhosting , multiassessment and the multilearning group .
orion strategies is a strategic communications and public relations firm . the company has offices in charleston , west virginia and buckhannon , west virginia , and operates throughout the eastern united states .
sumtotal systems , inc. is a software company based in gainesville , florida that provides human resource management software and services to private and public sector organizations . the company delivers solutions through multiple cloud-based channels , including software as a service , hosted subscription , and premises-based licensure . the company has regional offices in the us , canada , europe , and the asia-pacific region .
coats group plc is a british multi-national company . it is the worlds largest manufacturer and distributor of sewing thread and supplies , and the second-largest manufacturer of zips and fasteners , after ykk . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
the yo-mobil was a planned series type hybrid electric car that was going to be produced by the russian yo-auto . the company was a joint venture between skd truck maker yarovit and the onexim investment group . on 7 april 2014 it was announced that the project was sold to the russian government for 1 , because ... the sharp weakening of the auto market has made it impossible to go ahead with the project , and make a profit . .
lucara diamond corp. is a diamond exploration and mining company , operating in southern africa but established in canada . in november 2015 , lesedi la rona , the worlds second largest gem-quality diamond ever found , was found at the karowe mine in botswana .
feicheng acid chemicals is a chemical company based in feicheng , shandong , china . the company was founded in 1994 , with registered capital rmb 52.2 million . it is one of chinese top 500 chemical industry enterprises and has established a postdoctoral research station of national class and provincial new product exploiting center . it is the largest producer of formic acid outside europe , owning over 10 % of the world production capacity .
the new straits times press berhad is a malaysian conglomerate of publishing companies , owned by media prima . the nstp publishes several newspapers , including the new straits times , berita harian and harian metro .
carbon motors corporation was an american automotive corporation that developed a purpose-built police car . founded in los angeles , california , by stacy dean stephens and william santana li in 2003 , the company moved to atlanta , georgia , in 2006 , where it continued to develop its product and gain investors .
china construction bank corporation is one of the big four banks in the peoples republic of china . in 2015 ccb was the 2nd largest bank in the world by market capitalization and 6th largest company in the world . the bank has approximately 13,629 domestic branches .
botswanapost is the company responsible for postal service in botswana . it is a parastatal company , 100 % owned by the government of botswana , under the ministry of communications , science and technology .
rowse honey ltd is a united kingdom honey manufacturer . its products are stocked by major supermarket chains and other stores . they also supply kelloggs with honey for use in breakfast cereals . other products include lemon curd and maple syrup .
ubm plc is a global business-to-business events organiser headquartered in london , united kingdom . it has a long history as a multinational media company . its current main focus is on b2b events , but its principal operations have included live media and business-to-business communications , marketing services and data provision , and it principally serves the technology , healthcare , trade and transport , ingredients and fashion industries .
kami is an auckland-based cloud-based company that is known for its document and files reader , editor and a collaborative tool which is also available in the google marketplace .
kalyan sarees is a women clothing showroom based in kerala known for their traditional handwoven bridal sarees and lehengas .
the wenrus restaurant group is a company operating the wendys restaurant chain in russia .
schreiber foods inc. , is a dairy company which produces and distributes natural cheese , processed cheese , cream cheese and yogurt . it is an employee-owned customer brand dairy company headquartered in green bay , wisconsin . with more than $ 5 billion in annual sales , forbes ranked schreiber foods as the 81st largest private employer in 2016 .
passalong networks , also known as tennessee pacific group , llc , was a developer of digital media innovations and services located in franklin , tennessee . the company had a digital music library of 3 million licensed songstwo million of which are raw mp3 music files , and provided a series of products and services in the digital media marketplace . the company had digital music catalog agreements with the four major record labels : warner music group , universal music group , emi , and sony/bmg .
mitsui fudosan co. , ltd. is a major real estate developer in japan . mitsui fudosan is one of the core companies of mitsui group .
assam gramin vikash bank is a regional rural bank in assam , india . the bank was formally launched on the 12th of january 2006 by amalgamation of pragjyotish gaonlia bank , lakhimi gaonlia bank , cachar gramin bank and subansiri gaonlia bank , which were sponsored by united bank of india .
scient was a san francisco-based internet consulting company , founded in 1997 , that was one of the large american consulting firms during the dot-com bubble . the company was founded by eric greenberg , who had previously founded its competitor , viant . its ceo was robert howe , the former head of ibm global consulting . at its height in the fall of 2000 , it had quarterly revenues of us $ 100 million , 1,180 employees and a stock price of us $ 133 .
habitat retail ltd , trading as habitat is a retailer of household furnishings in the united kingdom . founded in 1964 by sir terence conran , it merged with a number of other retailers in the 1980s to create storehouse plc , before being sold to the ikano group , owned by the kamprad family , in 1992 . in december 2009 habitat was bought by hilco , a restructuring specialist .
evocabank , known as prometey bank until september 2017 , is an armenian commercial bank , which is headquartered in yerevan . it was founded in 1990 by simon gevorgyan . the bank is jointly owned by prometey city llc , zakneftegazstroy prometey ojsc and vazgen simon gevorgyan . evocabank is a multi-profile financial institution with no specific financial service concentration .
the strategic rail authority was a non-departmental public body in the united kingdom set up under the transport act 2000 to provide strategic direction for the railway industry . its motto was britains railway , properly delivered . it was abolished by the railways order 2006 , its functions being absorbed by the department of transport or the office of rail regulation .
virgin voyages , formerly virgin cruises , is a cruise line with an office in plantation , florida , usa . it was formed as a joint venture between the virgin group and bain capital the latter have a majority shareholding . virgin cruises planned to targeting non-cruisers as bains research indicated that 85 % would give it a try .
travel counsellors ltd. is an independent travel company headquartered in manchester , england . it was founded in 1994 by travel entrepreneur david speakman and operates in 7 countries around the world .
founded in 2001 , sms.ac inc. is a mobile data and internet communications company based in san diego , california . with a worldwide connectivity to more than 400 mobile operators , the company offers a platform mmsbox for interpole exchange of mms and sms and claims to turn its mobile payment platform into a software solution for its content providers .
bowers group founded in 1915 manufacture test equipment and measuring instruments . the group includes baty international , bowers export , bowers uk , moore & wright and cv instruments .
zip2 was a company that provided and licensed online city guide software to newspapers . the company was founded in palo alto , california as global link information network in 1995 , by brothers elon and kimbal musk and greg kouri . initially , global link provided local businesses with an internet presence , but later began to assist newspapers in designing online city guides before being purchased by compaq computer in 1999 .
morrison management specialists , a member of the compass group , is a foodservice company headquartered in atlanta , georgia that provides food , nutrition , and dining services to healthcare and senior living communities through its two operating divisions : morrison healthcare food services and morrison senior living .
edmark corporation is a publisher of educational print materials and an educational software developer in redmond , washington . they developed software for microsoft windows and mac os in several languages and sold it in over a dozen countries .
venieri s.p.a is an italian manufacturer of heavy equipment . the company is based in lugo , emilia-romagna .
herstal group is the parent company of small-arms brands manufacturing companies fn herstal , u.s. repeating arms company and browning arms company . it is based in lige , belgium , with offices in nine other european countries , north america and asia . it has a corporate partnership with japanese company , miroku co. , ltd. .
greence is an online platform that educates architects , engineers , interior designers , and contractors . the organization is a us green building council education partner . the usgbc developed the leadership in energy and environmental design system , the worlds most utilized green building rating system . greence is also an american institute of architects education provider . it develops and delivers continuing education via online courses , webinars , and live classroom events .
grace bio-labs is a global supplier of pharmaceutical , biomedical , and biochemical research products based in bend , oregon , united states . they develop the thin-cast nitrocellulose biochip and the modern hybridization and incubation chambers for glass microscope slides .
kion de mexico , founded in 1994 , is an aircraft ground services company and airlines related outsourcing company at mexico city international airport . the company is a subsidiary of united continental holdings . kion mainly serves united airlines , another division of uch , but also serves other airlines including air canada , lufthansa , and us airways . services that kion de mexico offers include ramp service , customer service , and cargo management .
advanced semiconductor engineering , inc. , is a provider of independent semiconductor assembling and test manufacturing services , with its headquarters in kaohsiung , taiwan .
cpc corporation , taiwan is a state-owned petroleum , natural gas , and gasoline company in taiwan and is the core of the taiwanese petrochemicals industry .
garrett airesearch was a manufacturer of turboprop engines and turbochargers , and a pioneer in numerous aerospace technologies . it was previously known as aircraft tool and supply company , garrett supply company , airesearch manufacturing company , or simply airesearch . in 1964 , garrett airesearch merged with signal oil & gas to form a company renamed in 1968 to signal companies , which in 1985 merged with allied corp. into alliedsignal .
conservis corporation is a minneapolis-based company that provides enterprise resource planning software to farmers .
the mountain hazelnuts group is social venture in bhutan that grows and sells hazelnuts . according to a may 2010 article in forbes magazine , the company represents the first major foreign direct investment in bhutans history .
lumber liquidators is an american retailer of hardwood flooring .
airports of regions is the largest airport holding and management company in russia and is owned by cjsc renova group . it is based in moscow , russia . ar works in the transportation industry and provides services such as airport management and airport facility development . the company currently has full operating rights over kurumoch international airport , koltsovo airport , and nizhny novgorod international airport .
blitz arcade was the downloadable games division of blitz games studios . it was located in warwickshire , england .
britten-norman is a british aircraft manufacturer and aviation services provider beneficially owned by a consortium which includes two members of the zawawi family from the sultanate of oman . the company is the sole independent commercial aircraft producer in the uk.britten-norman has sold more than 1,250 aircraft to customers in more than 120 countries .
angelo gordon & company is an american alternative investment manager founded in november 1988 by john m. angelo and michael l. gordon who together ran the arbitrage department of l.f. rothschild in the 1980s . the firm is 100 % employee-owned , sec-registered , and has nearly 420 employees and more than 160 investment professionals . angelo , gordon focuses on four main investment disciplines : credit , real estate , private equity , and multi-strategy .
drivesavers , inc. is a computer hardware data recovery , digital forensics and ediscovery firm located in novato , california . it was founded by ceo jay hagan and former company president scott gaidano in 1985 .
global silicon limited is a fabless semiconductor company founded in 1997 in cambridge , united kingdom . global silicon designed and produced system level semiconductors for the consumer audio market . global silicon created a number of new ics that were noteworthy for the level of system integration that was achieved . initial products focused on solutions for cd players , later expanding to also include mp3 and wma compressed formats .
survitec group is a british manufacturer of personal survival equipment for usage after ejecting from aircraft or when at sea .
the original tour is a london bus tour operator using open-top double-decker buses . it also holds the franchise to run city sightseeings london tour . based in wandsworth , it is a subsidiary of ratp dev .
methodist hospital is one of three major facilities comprising the nebraska methodist health system . the hospital is located at 8303 dodge st. in omaha , nebraska . with more than 2,000 full-time employees and over 400 physicians on active staff , methodist hospital provides cardiovascular surgery , neurosurgery , womens services , cancer care , gastroenterology , orthopedics , and comprehensive diagnostic services . nebraska methodist hospital admits approximately 22,000 patients every year .
pall corporation , headquartered in port washington , new york , is a global supplier of filtration , separations and purification products . total revenues for fiscal year 2014 were $ 2.8 billion , with $ 103 million spent on r & d. pall corporations business is split into two broad groups : life sciences and industrial .
yum ! brands , inc. , or yum ! and formerly tricon global restaurants , inc. , is an american fast food company . a fortune 500 corporation , yum ! operates the brands taco bell , kfc , pizza hut , and wingstreet worldwide , except in china , where the brands are operated by a separate company , yum china . prior to 2011 , yum ! owned long john silvers and a & w restaurants .
the grinnell aeroplane company was an american aircraft manufacturer based in grinnell , iowa , that built aircraft prior to world war i.
cyberark is a publicly traded information security company offering privileged account security . the companys technology is utilized primarily in the financial services , energy , retail and healthcare markets . as of may 3 , 2018 , cyberark had over 3,800 customers , including nearly 30 percent of global 2000 and more than half of the fortune 100 . cyberark is headquartered in petah tikva , israel , with u.s. headquarters located in newton , massachusetts .
mizuho corporate bank , ltd. , or mhcb , was the corporate and investment banking subsidiary of mizuho financial group , the second-biggest japanese financial services conglomerate , prior to the reintegration of investment banking services under the mizuho bank name in july 2013 . mhcb was created in april 2002 by the merger of the dai-ichi kangyo bank and fuji banks corporate and investment banking division with the industrial bank of japan .
berry global , inc is a fortune 500 global manufacturer and marketer of plastic packaging products . headquartered in evansville , indiana , it has over 131 facilities across the globe and more than 23,000 employees . with $ 7.1 billion in revenues in fiscal year 2017 , the company is the 6th largest indiana headquartered company in fortune magazines ranking . in april 2017 , the company changed its name from berry plastics to berry global , inc.
design42day is a company based in milan , italy , specialized in the research , selection and promotion of design on an international scale .
beachmint is an e-commerce company with six fashion and lifestyle brands : jewelmint , shoemint , stylemint , intimint , homemint , and beautymint . each brand features a subscription shopping model with personalized product recommendations for its members from their respective celebrity and expert .
degrmont is a company specializing in the production of drinking water , and in the treatment of sewage and sludge . after starting as a family business in france in 1939 , it has since become a subsidiary of suez environment , employing 4,600 people in 70 countries , and generating annual revenues of 1.520 billion .
sally line uk was a british ferry operator on the english channel and north sea .
big finish productions is an american independent game developer formed by members of access software/indie built following the companys close in 2007 . the company was founded with the goal of developing story-driven , interactive games .
americas best comics is a comic book publishing brand . it was set up by alan moore in 1999 as an imprint of wildstorm , an idea proposed to moore by wildstorm founder jim lee when it was still under image comics .
the imperial porcelain factory , also known as the imperial porcelain manufactory , is a producer of hand-painted ceramics in saint petersburg , russia . it was established by dmitry ivanovich vinogradov in 1744 and was supported by the russian tsars since empress elizabeth . many still refer to the factory by its well-known former name , the lomonosov porcelain factory .
yatrm as a turkish investment bank arm of the bank bankas .
national refinery limited is a pakistani oil refinery based in karachi , sindh , pakistan . it is a petroleum refinery and petrochemical complex engaged in the manufacture and sale of asphalts , btx , fuel products and lubes for domestic consumption and export . national refinery limited is the second largest capacity refinery of pakistan in terms of crude oil processing facilities and is the only lube oil refinery of pakistan .
guidon games produced board games and rulebooks for wargaming with miniatures , and in doing so influenced tactical studies rules , the publisher of dungeons & dragons . the guidon games publishing imprint was the property of lowrys hobbies , a mail-order business owned by don and julie lowry . about a dozen titles were released under the imprint from 1971 to 1973 .
valmet automotive is a contract manufacturer and service provider for the automotive industry . the company offers services in automotive engineering , vehicle manufacturing , convertible roof systems and related consulting services . valmet automotives focus areas of expertise are premium cars , convertibles and electric vehicles . the company has over 4,000 employees in finland , germany , poland and spain . the headquarters are located in uusikaupunki , finland .
it is focused on building a platform for the mining , production and distribution of fertiliser . its operations are primarily focussed on potash assets within the african continent . it has a market capitalisation of approximately 0.9 m as of 20 april 2017 .
the bank of hawaii corporation is a regional commercial bank headquartered in honolulu , hawaii . it is hawaiis second oldest bank and its largest locally owned bank in that the majority of the voting stockholders reside within the state . bank of hawaii has the most accounts , customers , branches , and atms of any financial institution in the state .
apprennet is a philadelphia-based educational technology startup company founded in 2011 by emily foote and drexel university school of law professor karl okamoto that provides apprenticeship-like job experiences online . apprenets first release was lawmeets , an online experience similar to a moot court competition . with lawmeets , students enact their response to a legal problem , and can not only then review their own performance , but also receive feedback , including critiques by experts .
macplay was the name used by a series of two american publishers of macintosh computer games .
tethys petroleum limited is a canadian-british oil and gas company active in the field of exploration and production . the company is mainly active in central asia , tajikistan , kazakhstan and georgia .
triad strategies , llc is a lobbying and public relations firm based in harrisburg , pennsylvania . triad strategies was founded in 2002 with the merger of w.a. hawkins associates and sellers , feinberg & associates . the firm specializes in lobbying and public relations management for the healthcare , technology , and education sectors . it has represented notable clients including the american heart association and the carnegie library of pittsburgh .
wings of change is an austrian aircraft manufacturer based in fulpmes , founded by markus grndhammer . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of paragliders in the form of ready-to-fly aircraft . by 2003 the company had a range of gliders in their line including the chinhook bi two-place tandem , the intermediate taifun and twister , plus the performance tsunami .
city supermarket , inc. is a retailer under the csi group of companies based in dagupan city , pangasinan , philippines . it is the largest retailer in northern luzon . it is operated by belen fernandez , an elected public official of dagupan . mayor fernandez has led the csi group over the years to its enviable position in the local economy and has seen the need for a facility like stadia in the city .
payless shoesource inc. is an american discount footwear retailer headquartered in topeka , kansas . established in 1956 by cousins louis and shaol pozez , payless is a privately held company owned by blum capital , and golden gate capital . in 1961 , it became a public company as the volume shoe corporation which merged with the may department stores company in 1979 .
pastiglie leone is an italian candy manufacturer of candies , jellies , gummy sweets , liquorice , fine chocolate and sugar - and calorie-free pastilles . the candies are produced in a variety of flavors . pastiglie leone was founded by luigi leone in 1857 in alba before moving to turin . the company also was an italian royal warrant of appointment holder .
global fashion group is a group that operates e-commerce fashion site in emerging markets . through its network of regional companies , gfg operates across 24 countries and employs over 9,000 people .
norfolkline was a european ferry operator and logistics company owned by maersk . it provided freight ferry services on the english channel , irish sea , and the north sea and passenger ferry services on the english channel and irish sea and logistics services across europe . norfolkline employed more than 2,200 employees in 13 countries across europe , operating out of 35 different locations .
brill is a dutch international academic publisher founded in 1683 in leiden , netherlands . with offices in leiden , boston , paderborn and singapore , brill today publishes 275 journals and around 1200 new books and reference works each year . in addition , brill is a provider of primary source materials online and on microform for researchers in the humanities and social sciences .
ariad pharmaceuticals , inc. was an american oncology company , now part of takeda oncology , which was founded in 1991 by harvey j. berger , m.d. and headquartered in cambridge , massachusetts . ariad engaged in the discovery , development , and commercialization of medicines for cancer patients .
dallah al-baraka holding company , is a private multinational corporation based in jeddah , saudi arabia . the company has holdings throughout the middle east , north africa , the far east and europe . the company is best classed as a conglomerate with investments including the financial , banking , healthcare , real estate , manufacturing , transportation , and operations and maintenance sectors .
muthoot finance ltd. is an indian financial corporation . it is known as the largest gold financing company in the world . in addition to financing gold transactions , the company offers foreign exchange services , money transfers , wealth management services , travel and tourism services , and sells gold coins at muthoot finance branches . the companys headquarters are located in kerala , india , and it operates over 4,400 branches throughout the country .
yes snowboards is manufacturer of snowboards . it was founded in 2009 and is based in europe .
dj vu consulting , inc. is an american company that operates about 132 strip clubs in 41 u.s. states , as well as multiple clubs in the united kingdom , australia , france , canada , and mexico . the company also operates a large chain of adult retail stores , multiple online adult enterprises , gay bars , nightclubs , restaurants , and has substantial real estate holdings . it is the largest strip club operator in the world , and one of the largest adult businesses in history .
skout is the developer of a location-based social networking and dating application and website . skout was one of the first dating and mobile people discovery applications to emphasize generalized user location . skout is available on both ios and android operating systems . other skout properties include nixter , a nightlife app , and fuse , an ephemeral group messaging app .
bills.com is a us-based web site providing financial planning tools and financial services for individuals . topics include credit cards , insurance , debt relief , mortgage loans , student loans and various other consumer lending products . as of 2010 , the company behind bills.com employs approximately 600 people and has an annual revenue of $ 106 million . at that time bills.com was ranked number 10 on inc. magazines top 100 financial services companies list .
rollbase is a platform as a service software solution . it was founded by the eponymous software vendor based in saratoga , california acquired by progress software in june 2013 , a global cloud computing company headquartered in bedford , massachusetts . founded in 2007 , the rollbase platform allows users to create software as a service business applications using point and click , drag and drop tools in a standard web browser with minimal programming .
ethyl corporation is a fuel additive company headquartered in richmond , virginia in the united states . the company is a distributor of fuel additives . among other products , ethyl corporation distributes tetraethyllead , a form of leaded gasoline .
the taiwan cooperative bank is a publicly listed bank headquartered in taipei city , taiwan . originally formed by the japanese during japanese rule in taiwan in 1923 , tcb was taken over by the republic of china government since 1946 and has been prospering . today it is one of the most prominent banks in taiwan , having the most branches among all banks in taiwan .
eurovegas was a gambling resort project proposed in september 2012 , to be completed in 2025 or 2026 in alcorcn , spain . the project was cancelled after disagreements between the entrepreneur , sheldon adelson , and the local governments . in september 2012 sheldon adelson proposed a major investment in europe after he and his team had been in discussions with government officials in madrid and barcelona and possibly elsewhere in europe .
sparefoot is an austin-based company that provides listings for self-storage units . the company was originally a person-to-person model , similar to airbnb , that later developed into a marketplace for self-storage . the company now facilitates self-storage rentals between consumers and storage operators . the company was profiled as one of americas most promising startups by bloomberg businessweek in 2011 . sparefoot lists storage business around a particular area to show available units and prices .
micromania is the major video game retail company in france founded in 1983 by albert loridan . in 2008 it was purchased by gamestop for approximately us $ 700 million in cash .
tanzania women bank limited is a tanzanian bank that specialises in providing financial services to women . it is listed as a registered financial institution by the bank of tanzania , the central bank and national banking regulator .
silverball studios , formerly known as fuse games , is a cotswold , burford based video game developer best known for developing pinball games for nintendo .
verne global owns and operates a 40-acre data center campus near keflavik , iceland . the company went operational in 2012 and is focused on supporting high performance computing , supercomputing and intensive computing workloads . the company is headquartered in the united kingdom and is privately owned . its investors include novator partners , general catalyst partners the wellcome trust and iceland based stefnir .
xendo , inc. is an enterprise search company headquartered in san francisco , california . xendo operates a software-as-a-service platform of the same name which enables professional knowledge workers with unified search across 30 + enterprise cloud applications and includes connectors to integrate on-premises and proprietary systems .
the crescent was a small chain of department stores founded and based in spokane , washington . once a subsidiary of marshall field & company , the chain was sold to batus retail group in 1982 . batus renamed the stores frederick & nelson , the companys seattle , washington division , in 1988 . frederick and nelson eventually filed for bankruptcy and liquidated in 1992 . at its peak , the crescent operated seven department stores in washington and oregon , including three in spokane .
j.c.staff co. , ltd. , is a japanese anime studio founded in january 1986 by tomoyuki miyata , who previously worked at tatsunoko production . the studios first release was ytden in 1987 .
beritasatu media holdings is a company engaged in the field of media . the company is part of the lippo group .
abm united kingdom limited is a provider of software for the law enforcement , investigation and intelligence sectors around the world . the company is headquartered in nottingham , united kingdom with an office in herndon , virginia , us .
blackrock , inc. is an american global investment management corporation based in new york city . founded in 1988 , initially as a risk management and fixed income institutional asset manager , blackrock is the worlds largest asset manager with $ 6.3 trillion in assets under management as of december 2017 . blackrock operates globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries .
bass phillip is an australian winery based in leongatha , within the gippsland region of victoria .
badgeville , inc. is a privately held technology company founded in 2010 with headquarters in redwood city , california , and an additional office in new york . the firm provides software as a service for web sites to measure and influence user behavior using techniques such as gamification .
beijing enterprises holdings limited was formed upon eight units of assets in beijing , china . it was incorporated in hong kong and listed on the hong kong stock exchange as red chip stock in 1997 .
upromise is a company in the united states that provides a loyalty program of the same name , where members accrue credits on eligible purchases that are directed to a college savings plans or to pay down student loans . the company has been owned by sallie mae since 2006 and is headquartered in newton , massachusetts . upromise members accrue account credit on eligible purchases from grocery stores , online retailers , travel , and restaurants .
ming an company limited is an insurance company in hong kong . it provides general insurance and reinsurance in hong kong and the peoples republic of china . it provides motor insurance , property insurance , employee compensation , marine insurance , accident insurance and health insurance . the company was established in 1949 and headquartered in hong kong .
seaboard corporation is a diverse multinational agribusiness and transportation conglomerate with integrated operations in several industries . in the united states , the company mainly engages in pork production and processing and ocean transportation . internationally , seaboard is primarily engaged in commodity merchandising , grain processing , sugar production and electrical power generation .
catalina pottery is the commonly used name for catalina clay products , a division of the santa catalina island company , which produced brick , tile , tableware and decorative pottery on santa catalina island , california . catalina clay products was founded in 1927 . gladding , mcbean & co. acquired all of the assets of the company in 1937 and moved all production to its franciscan dinnerware division in los angeles .
casavant frres is a prominent organ building canadian company in saint-hyacinthe , quebec , which has been building pipe organs since 1879 . as of 2014 , they have produced over 3900 organs .
saeco was also the name of a road bicycle racing team sponsored by the company . philips saeco s.p.a. , or short saeco , is an italian manufacturer of manual , super-automatic and capsule espresso machines and other electrical goods with headquarters and factories in bologna .
andrew yule & co. ltd. is an indian manufacturing and industrial conglomerate , primarily owned by the indian government . it is the main company owned by the yule group . it is currently headquartered in kolkata , and has offices in the main indian cities . the majority of the products and services offered by the companys subsidiaries are related to heavy industry and engineering .
bechtle aga german b2b and b2g it company , bechtle ag sells it hardware and software , as well as related services to business and public-sector clients . bechtle operates its service business from 66 sites in germany , austria and switzerland , and has e-commerce subsidiaries in a total of 14 european countries . in 2015 , the company generated revenues amounting to 2.83 billion .
destination xl group , inc. is the largest specialty retailer of mens big and tall apparel , with operations throughout the united states and in london , england . the company is headquartered in canton , massachusetts , and its common stock is listed on the nasdaq global market under the symbol dxlg . dxlg operates both retail stores and ecommerce businesses through its five trade names : dxl , rochester clothing , casual male xl , shoes xl , and living xl .
peugeot motocycles is a french scooters and small motorcycles manufacturer . the company operates as a subsidiary of indian manufacturer mahindra that owns 51 % of peugeot motocycles since 2015 . psa group owns 49 % of peugeot motocycles and the use of its brand image .
entercom is a publicly traded american broadcasting company and radio network based in bala cynwyd , pennsylvania . founded in 1968 , it is the second largest radio company in the united states , owning 235 radio stations across 48 media markets . in november 2017 , entercom merged with cbs radio as a result , cbs shareholders hold a 72 % stake of the companys stock , but the company was effectively separated from cbs corporation as a separate public company .
the mutual alliance trust company was a trust company formed in new york city in 1902 , with founders such as cornelius vanderbilt and william rockefeller . on january 14 , 1915 , the company was acquired by chatham-phenix national and alliance trust in new york .
huaxia film distribution is a chinese film distribution company . in 2014 , the company was the second-largest film distributor in china , with 22.89 % of the market .
amey plc , previously known as amey ltd and amey roadstone construction , is a united kingdom based infrastructure support service provider . it was once listed on the london stock exchange , but since 2003 , it has been a subsidiary of spanish company grupo ferrovial , s.a. . the head office for the company is in the sherard building in oxford .
chicago pneumatic , also known as cp , is an industrial manufacturer providing power tools , air compressors , generators , light towers and hydraulic equipment . products are sold in more than 150 countries through a worldwide distribution network . cp is active on markets such as tools for industrial production , vehicle service , maintenance repair operation for mining , construction , infrastructure equipment .
the federal national mortgage association , commonly known as fannie mae , is a united states government-sponsored enterprise and , since 1968 , a publicly traded company .
allen-bradley is the brand-name of a line of factory automation equipment manufactured by rockwell automation . the company , with revenues of approximately us $ 6.4 billion in 2013 , manufactures programmable logic controllers , human-machine interfaces , sensors , safety components and systems , software , drives and drive systems , contactors , motor control centers , and systems of such products . rockwell automation also provides asset-management services including repair and consulting .
sandeman is a brand of port wines founded in 1790 . its well known logo features a caped man named don dressed in a portuguese students cape and a wide spanish hat . besides port wines , it also produces sherry , brandy and madeira wine .
mir is a payment system established by the central bank of russia . it is currently accepted mostly by russia-based companies , such as aeroflot or russian railways , though it is gradually gaining acceptance among foreign companies with russian operations . the system is operated by the russian national card payment system , a wholly owned subsidiary of the central bank of russia .
jmicron technology corporation is a taiwanese fabless technology design house based in hsinchu , taiwan . as a manufacturer of integrated circuits , they produce controller chips for bridge devices .
the breastfeeding with google glass app trial began in australia on 1 march 2014 , using a wearable technology computing device , google glass , to provide live video counselling and an informational portal to support women with breastfeeding .
jj electronic , s.r.o , from adca , in kysuce region in slovakia , is one of the worlds remaining producers of vacuum tubes . main products of jj electronic are audio preamplifier tubes , and tubes for audio power amplifiers . these vacuum tubes are mainly used for the guitar amplifiers . technically , the vacuum tubes produced by jj electronic are mainly low-noise triodes , beam tetrodes and power pentodes . double diode vacuum tubes for rectifiers are also produced .
gobosh aviation is an american aircraft manufacturer based in moline , illinois . the company specializes in light-sport aircraft for the american domestic market . the companys first product was the gobosh 700s , introduced in 2007 . this was joined by the gobosh 800xp in 2008 . the company name means go big or stay home .
kpit technologies is indian multinational corporation headquartered in pune , maharashtra , india . popularly known as kpit , the company provides product engineering and it consulting services , solutions , and products to following industries automotive and transportation , energy and resources , consumer and industrial goods , high tech , life sciences , and utilities .
mdpi is an organisational acronym used by two related organisations , molecular diversity preservation international and multidisciplinary digital publishing institute , which were both co-founded by shu-kun lin . the first organisation , molecular diversity preservation international , founded in 1996 , is primarily a chemical sample archive , with some scholarly publishing and conference activities .
club z ! in-home tutoring services is a tutoring and test prep company serving the united states and canada , through a network of franchises . the firm first opened in tampa , florida in 1995 .
vulcabrasazaleia is a brazilian footwear company , being the third largest in domestic market and in latin america , only after also brazilians alpargatas and grendene . the company was founded in 1952 in so paulo , but currently is headquartered in jundia . the company is owned by grendene family , that owns grendene , the second largest footwear company in brazil and a competitor of vulcabrasazaleia .
red ventures is an american marketing company incorporated in the state of south carolina . the company acquires customers for brands in the home services , financial services , and healthcare industries . red ventures corporate headquarters are located in indian land , south carolina , with offices also in charlotte , north carolinas university city . red ventures also has an office in sao paulo , brazil , and an office in london , uk .
sociedad annima damm is a spanish brewery founded in barcelona in 1876 by the alsacian august kuentzmann damman and joseph damm . it is the main brewery in the city .
aston manor cider is a former brewery and current cider maker and bottling company in aston , birmingham , england . having been started as a beer brewery , the company now produces exclusively cider and perry . in 2008 it was the third largest cider company in the uk by market share , and the fourth largest in the world .
universal avionics systems corporation is an international company headquartered in tucson , arizona in the united states . it primarily focuses on flight management systems and cockpit instrument displays for private - , business - and commercial aircraft . the company has offices in the us states of arizona , kansas , washington and georgia , and in switzerland .
datastorm technologies , inc. , was a computer software company that existed from 1986 until 1996 . bruce barkelew and thomas smith founded the company to develop and publish procomm , a general purpose communications program for personal computers .
tsingtao brewery co. , ltd. is chinas second largest brewery . it was founded in 1903 by german settlers and now claims about 15 % of domestic market share . the beer is produced in qingdao in shandong province , and it gets its name from the old cole franaise dextrme-orient transliteration of the citys name .
tiger resources ltd is an australian-based company focused on the discovery , development and exploration of high-grade copper/cobalt deposits in the world-renowned katanga copper belt in the drc . tiger has an interest in a number of highly prospective projects covering 1,550 km2 , including the kipoi , lupoto and la patience projects . he kipoi copper project is operated by sek , a 95 % - owned subsidiary of tiger . tiger is developing the kipoi project in stages .
angel trains is a british rolling stock operating company created in 1994 as part of the privatisation of british rail . together with porterbrook and eversholt rail group , it is one of three original roscos established during the privatisation of british rail . when created , each rosco owned around a third of the rolling stock of british rail .
the hyundai motor group is a south korean multinational conglomerate headquartered in seoul , south korea . it is the largest vehicle manufacturer in south korea and as of 2016 the worlds third largest vehicle manufacturer behind japanese toyota and german volkswagen group .
dopff au moulin is a family winery from 1574 growing grapes on over 70 hectares located in riquewihr , one of the most beautiful villages in france . the main product is crmant dalsace , a special sparkling wine of the alsace wine region in france .
nueva ecija television channel 48 is a news and public affairs television channel , owned and operated by arnie a. valdez broadcasting system , inc. the studio is located at old capitol compound , burgos avenue , cabanatuan city , nueva ecija . its transmitter station is located at barangay hermogenes conception in cabanatuan city .
the eastern punjab railway was the successor of the north western state railway in east punjab after the partition of india . in 1952 , northern railway was formed with a portion of east indian railway company , jodhpur railway , north-west of mughalsarai , bikaner railway and eastern punjab railway .
deutsche schiff - und maschinenbau aktiengesellschaft was a cooperation of eight german shipyards in the period 1926 to 1945 . the leading company was the shipyard ag weser in bremen .
greater china transport logistics is a daily news web portal providing transport , logistics and supply chain management news in the asia pacific region . it is operated by focusasia media ltd. it publishes daily china logistics news in english , traditional chinese and simplified chinese . the company also publishes gctl insights magazine which provides both online and print version .
prizeo is a privately owned internet company based in los angeles , california . it is an online fundraising platform that enables clients to mobilize their fan bases to raise funds and awareness for their chosen causes . prizeo takes a 20 % commission on the funds it raises . in june 2015 , it was announced that prizeo had been acquired by tech mogul todd wagner . the terms of the deal were not disclosed .
the wilson sporting goods company is an american sports equipment manufacturer based in chicago , illinois . since 1989 , it has been a subsidiary of the finnish group amer sports . wilson makes equipment for many sports , among them badminton , baseball , basketball , softball , canadian football , american football , golf , racquetball , soccer , padel , platform tennis , squash , tennis and volleyball .
sennheiser electronic gmbh & co. kg is a german privately held audio company specializing in the design and production of a wide range of high fidelity products , including microphones , headphones , telephony accessories and avionics headsets for personal , professional and business applications .
geosoft incorporated is a software development and services company headquartered in toronto , canada . the company provides geophysical and geological software and geospatial server technology for professional geoscientists involved in natural resource exploration and related earth science disciplines .
direct ferries is a uk-based ferry travel aggregator service . it provides bookings for ferry crossings across europe and north africa , as well as numerous crossings across the world , including the united kingdom , france , ireland , the netherlands , the united states , canada , oman , morocco , australia , japan , singapore and bintan island . it is the largest ferry ticket aggregator in europe and sells tickets for over 2,400 ferry routes worldwide .
rabbit semiconductor is an american company which designs and sells the rabbit family of microcontrollers and microcontroller modules . for development , it provides dynamic c , a non-standard dialect of c with proprietary structures for multitasking . rabbit semiconductor was purchased in 2006 by digi international .
colosseoeas is an international company based in bratislava , slovakia that specializes in led design , multimedia and statistics solutions for sport venues . the integrated system approach , introduced in 2010 , allows stadium and arena owners to input all data from any source into one platform .
lotus fivestar cinemas sdn bhd is a cinema chain in malaysia owned by the lotus group . their biggest cinema is located at the summer mall in kota samarahan , kuching , sarawak . lfs cinema houses over 25 outlets and 108 screens in both peninsular and east malaysia . lotus five star is also a major indian movie distributor in malaysia . lfs cinemas competes with golden screen cinemas , tgv cinemas , and mbo cinemas .
the arizona stock exchange was an electronically enabled stock exchange for carrying out etrading after usual stock market hours . it was founded in 1990 as wunsch auction systems by r. steven wunsch , and moved from new york city to arizona in 1992 . it closed in october 2001 due to lack of trading volume .
air new england was an american commuter airline with service to new england communities during the 1970s . it was headquartered at logan international airport in the east boston area of boston , massachusetts .
rtl group is a european entertainment company . it has interests in 59 television and 31 radio stations in 10 countries . the luxembourg-based media group operates tv channels and radio stations in germany , france , belgium , the netherlands , luxembourg , italy , switzerland , the united kingdom , ireland , spain , portugal , hungary , croatia and asia as well as production companies throughout the world . it is majority-owned by german media conglomerate bertelsmann .
taco time northwest , or simply taco time , is a fast-food restaurant chain with over 70 locations in western washington .
the shipping corporation of india is a government of india public sector enterprise with its headquarters in mumbai that operates and manages vessels that services both national and international lines .
mapex drums is a taiwanese drum brand manufactured by khs musical instruments company of taiwan . mapex has been in the drum making industry since 1989 .
private media group , inc. is a swedish production and distribution company that distributes adult entertainment via print publications , dvds , the internet , and mobile . private magazine was established in stockholm , sweden , in 1965 as the worlds first full-color hardcore magazine by berth milton , sr. in the early 1990s , his son berth milton , jr. took over and moved the companys headquarters to sant cugat del valls , barcelona , spain , although the company is incorporated in nevada .
international armoring corporation is a designer and manufacturer of armoured cars using light weight synthetic fiber armor laminates . established in ogden , utah , united states on may 6 , 1993 international armoring corporation uses light weight synthetic armor laminates called armormax . iac designs and molds the armor to fit the vehicle rather than modifying the vehicle to fit the armor . iac has sold 4,000 and 5,000 vehicles annually .
balkan was the first motorcycle built in bulgaria . the first model , the balkan m1 , released in 1957 , was built under the open license of dkw , and was identical to the dkw rt250 . in 1960 the company started using a design similar to jawa , and other contemporary motorcycles .
oakwood bank is bank headquartered in dallas , texas . the bank has 2 branches : one in oakwood , texas and one in dallas , texas . the bank is a subsidiary of oakwood bancshares , inc. , a bank holding company .
thales group is a french multinational company that designs and builds electrical systems and provides services for the aerospace , defence , transportation and security markets . its headquarters are in la dfense , and its stock is listed on the euronext paris .
dlt solutions is an american company in herndon , virginia . it is a value-added reseller of software and hardware and professional services provider to the federal , state , and local governments . dlt solutions was founded in 1991 by thomas marrelli , who died in 2002 . in 2005 , his heirs sold dlt solutions to thendlt president and chief executive officer rick marcotte and chief financial officer craig adler .
argent ventures , llc . is a privately held real estate company based in new york city that owns the land under grand central terminal and the land around 156 miles of metro-north railroad railway tracks in the new york city metropolitan area .
air china limited is the flag carrier and one of the major airlines of the peoples republic of china , with its headquarters in shunyi district , beijing . air chinas flight operations are based at beijing capital international airport . in 2015 , the airline carried 90 million domestic and international passengers with an average load factor of 80 % .
getaround is an online car sharing or peer-to-peer carsharing service that allows drivers to rent cars from private car owners , and owners to rent out their cars for payment . getaround launched to the public in may 2011 at the techcrunch disrupt conference .
invest in canada is the government of canada organization that promotes and attracts foreign direct investment into canada . as a bureau in the department of foreign affairs , trade and development canada , invest in canada assists companies planning to invest in canada or to expand their canadian operations . the department was created in 1985 by the investment canada act .
diviac is an online booking website for scuba holidays . started as a digital logbook for divers , the company focus changed in 2015 to scuba holidays .
the industries under this conglomerate include foods and beverages , steel , real estate , furniture , agribusiness , plastics , etc. its 2015-2016 turnover amounted to approximately us $ 5 billion . partex group is the largest family-run conglomerate in bangladesh , consisting of over 55 companies .
asia commercial bank , often abbreviated to acb , is the largest private bank in vietnam by assets , headquartered at 442 nguyn th minh khai , ward 5 , district 3 , ho chi minh city . it was registered on 19 may 1993 and began operations in june 1993 . the bank is listed at hanoi securities trading center under the symbol acb .
karmasangsthan bank is a specialised government owned bank in bangladesh . the bank was founded to finance the unemployed to set up small enterprises .
fredericks of hollywood was a well-known retailer of womens lingerie in the united states , with stores in many modern shopping malls across the usa . after declaring bankruptcy in 2015 , 93 retail stores were closed , the brand was acquired by authentic brands group and it was relaunched as an online-only store .
azteca productions is an american independent comic book publisher and imprint founded by artist-creator richard dominguez in 1993 . the companys first publication was el gato negro # 1 showcasing the debut of the eponymous character , in what is now considered the companys flagship series . publications went on hiatus during the rise and fall of the speculative market in the late 1990s until dominguez returned in 2004 .
the chiahui power corporation is an independent power producer company in taiwan .
loews theatres , also known as loews incorporated , founded on june 23 , 1904 by marcus loew , was the oldest theater chain operating in north america until it merged with amc theatres on january 26 , 2006 . from 1924 until 1959 , it was also the parent company of metro-goldwyn-mayer studios . the loews name is still used by amc in many markets .
aviacin y comercio , s.a. , doing business as aviaco , was a spanish airline headquartered in the edificio minister in madrid .
sydney ferries limited operated ferry services on sydney harbour from 1861 until june 1951 .
td banknorth , formerly banknorth , was a wholly owned subsidiary of the toronto-dominion bank which conducted banking and insurance activities , primarily serving the northeastern area of the united states , headquartered in portland , maine .
royal wessanen nv is a multinational food company with a focus on organic , founded and headquartered in the netherlands . it has operations in europe and north america . worldwide it had approx 2,000 employees at the end of 2011 , a year in which it reported a revenue of 706 million . royal wessanen is listed at euronext amsterdam .
sierra nevada corporation is an american privately held electronic systems provider and systems integrator specializing in microsatellites , telemedicine , and commercial orbital transportation services . sierra nevada corporation operates under the leadership of chief executive officer , fatih ozmen and president , eren ozmen . the company contracts with the united states armed forces , nasa and private spaceflight companies . it is headquartered in sparks , nevada .
rpa is an american advertising and marketing agency headquartered in santa monica , california . it was founded in 1986 by gerry rubin and larry postaer and currently employs approximately 500 associates . rpa has regional offices in portland , denver , dallas , chicago , atlanta , boston and moorestown .
assuranceforeningen skuld is an international mutual marine insurance company based in oslo , norway that specializes in protection and indemnity insurance and marine insurance . total premium income for 2016/17 was usd 403 million . in addition to oslo , skuld has offices in bergen , copenhagen , hamburg , hong kong , london , new york , piraeus and singapore .
arkel international is a privately held company based in baton rouge , louisiana , that undertakes construction projects around the world . the company serves organizations , governments , and militaries . in 2008 arkel had about 300 employees and $ 85 million in annual sales .
force america , inc. is a privately held mobile hydraulics distribution and manufacturing company specializing in mobile hydraulic systems , components and replacement parts . servicing more than 17,000 customers and companies in north america , force america provides systems and components to the on/off highway mobile and agricultural markets , as well as emerging technologies in electrical assemblies , fabrication , vehicle communications and data logging , and liquid solution application .
formosa ha tinh steel corporation is a steel plant established in the vung ang economic zone , vietnam by the hung nghiep formosa ha tinh steel company under the backing of the formosa plastics group . development of the plant began in the 2010s . steel production started in may 2017 .
id finance is a financial technology company founded in 2012 by boris batine and alexander dunaev . it is predominantly focused on emerging markets , which are characterized by noncompetitive financial services , limited availability of credit and high barriers to entry .
sainsburys bank plc , trading as sainsburys bank is a british bank wholly owned by sainsburys , a national supermarket chain in the united kingdom . the bank began trading on 19 february 1997 as a joint venture between j sainsbury plc and bank of scotland . sainsburys took full ownership of the bank in january 2014 . the banks head office is at 3 lochside avenue , edinburgh eh12 9dj , and it runs operations from various locations across the uk . in 2017 it had over 1.8 million active customers .
quest broadcasting inc. is a philippine radio broadcast network , with offices and broadcast headquarters located in metro manila . its operates under the magic nationwide brand , which is composed of its flagship radio station magic 89.9 in metro manila and several network-owned or affiliated radio stations throughout the country .
citynews is the title of news and current affairs programming on the city television network in canada . it is broadcast as a local newscast in its own right on the networks toronto , edmonton , and winnipeg stations , while on the remaining city stations it airs only as the news headlines segment during each stations breakfast television morning show .
ddc-i , inc. is a privately held company providing software development of real-time operating systems , software development tools , and software services for safety-critical embedded applications , headquartered in phoenix , arizona . it was first created in 1985 as the danish firm ddc international a/s , a commercial outgrowth of dansk datamatik center , a danish software research and development organization of the 1980s . the american subsidiary was created in 1986 .
harmenings high flyers was an american aircraft manufacturer founded by mike harmening . it was originally based in genoa , illinois and later in big stone city , south dakota . the company specialized in the design and manufacture of powered parachutes in the form of kits for amateur construction and ready-to-fly aircraft in the us far 103 ultralight vehicles rules .
freshmart is a chain of supermarkets based in ontario , canada . it is a unit of loblaw companies limited , canadas largest food distributor . freshmart stores are typically operated by a franchise owner . the stores operate in smaller locations than others operated by loblaw companies limited , typically in rural communities . the toronto store is the only one in a major centre .
martex farms is a puerto rican company based in santa isabel , puerto rico , an area known as the ruta agrcola . it is the largest banana , avocado and tropical palm grower on the south coast of the island .
hometrust bancshares inc. is an asheville , north carolina-based bank holding company with 43 branches and $ 2.8 billion in assets in north and south carolina after completing a pending acquisition . it is the parent of seven community bankshometrust bank , tryon federal bank , shelby savings bank , home savings bank , industrial federal bank , cherryville federal bank and rutherford county bank .
existence genetics was a genetic analysis and genetic reporting company that was founded in 2005 and declared bankruptcy on november 21 , 2012 .
bluebean is a privately held radio frequency identification company .
mid-west family broadcasting is an independently owned broadcasting company based in madison , wisconsin . the company owns and manages radio stations in madison , wisconsin , eau claire , wisconsin , la crosse , wisconsin , benton harbor/st . joseph , michigan , south bend/elkhart , indiana , springfield , illinois , springfield , missouri , and rockford , illinois . in 2013 mid-west family purchased the maverick stations in rockford , illinois and eau claire , wisconsin .
augmentation industries is the corporation behind mad . mad is the abbreviation of mobile assisted driving which is a patent pending technology to connect cars to the internet . ai is a german high tech start up with its roots in the automotive m2m industry . ai has set itself the goal to make cars smarter to ease up everyones life .
bryncelyn brewery is a brew pub in wern fawr inn , a pub located near ystalyfera , neath port talbot in wales . brewing was begun in july 1999 , and the brewers are will hopton and robert scott . the brewery produces three quarters of a uk brewers barrel of beer at a time . the ales have been consistent and frequent winners of awards at beer festivals since the brewerys inception .
linklaters llp is a multinational law firm headquartered in london . founded in 1838 , it is a member of the magic circle of elite british law firms . it currently employs over 2,000 lawyers across 29 offices in 20 countries . in 2016 , linklaters achieved revenues of 1.31 billion and profits per equity partner of 1.45 million .
the evergrande group or the evergrande real estate group is chinas second-largest property developer by sales . it is based in southern chinas guangdong province , and sells apartments mostly to upper and middle-income dwellers . the holding company of the group is incorporated in the cayman islands . in 2017 , evergrande experienced a surge in its stocks , share price , profits and revenue , rising almost three to four folds .
home dcor products , inc. was a large online retailer of home improvement and furnishings , headquartered in edison , nj . it claimed to stock more than 450,000 home products from more than 800 luxury brands including toto , lenox , kohler , and jacuzzi .
joyces 365 is a family-run supermarket chain based in headford , galway , ireland . the supermarket chain has five stores located in five galway towns : headford , knocknacarra , tuam , inverin and athenry . athenry is the flagship store . joyces 365 was founded in 1951 and has around 230 employees . pat joyce is the owner and manager of the supermarket chain . on the 10 may 1999 , joyces 365 opened a new shop in knocknacarra . in june 2008 , joyces 365 became the supply chain of nisa in ireland .
kindara is a u.s. company that developed an iphone application that helps women prevent and achieve pregnancy through fertility awareness .
naiot venture accelerator was a technological incubator , engaged in early seed startup investments . it was based in yokneam , israel . naiot is a full subsidiary of the ofer hi-tech group , the venture capital investment arm of the ofer brothers group . naiot invests and creates value by providing management , as well as the human and financial resources required to nurture seeds concept into sustainable companies .
mcgintys department store was a general goods department store located in neosho , missouri , the county seat of newton county , missouri . mcgintys set on the south side of the neosho square on the southeast corner of the intersection of main and wood streets . it is located in the neosho commercial historic district , but is considered a non-contributing building .
weichai holding group co. , ltd. is a chinese state-owned enterprise specialized in the design , manufacturing and sale of diesel engines . the company operates on four different business sectors which are engines and vehicles , powertrains , luxury yacht and automotive parts . headquartered in weifang , shandong province , china , the weichai group is holding more than 80 subsidiaries set throughout china and overseas .
kcc corporation is a korean chemical and auto parts manufacturer , headquartered in seoul , south korea .
aveda corporation is a company founded by horst rechelbacher , now owned by este lauder companies , headquartered in the minneapolis suburb of blaine , minnesota .
orange polska is a polish telecommunications provider established in december 1991 . it is a public company traded on the warsaw stock exchange , with a controlling stake owned by orange s.a. , the latter controlling over 50 % of this stake by 2002 . it operates the following services : pstn , isdn , gsm 900/1800 network , adsl , idsl , frame relay , atm and inmarsat .
sedgwick group plc was a very large british insurance broker . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index . however it was acquired by marsh & mclennan in 1998 .
the dalian commodity exchange is a chinese futures exchange based in dalian , liaoning province , china . it is a non-profit , self-regulating and membership legal entity established on february 28 , 1993 . dalian commodity exchange trades in futures contracts underlined by a variety of agricultural and industrial produce on a national scale .
silvergate media is a television production and brand licensing company based in london and new york . the company was founded in 2011 by waheed alli , who set up the company as part of a management buy-out , buying the rights to the octonauts and the world of beatrix potter from chorion , a company he was previously chair of .
cloud nine movies is a tamil film production and distribution company , based in chennai . it is owned by dayanidhi azhagiri and vivek rathinavel and was founded in 2008 . he founded another new production company in 2013 , meeka entertainment .
suguna holdings private limited is an indian multinational poultry group headquartered in coimbatore , india . the company was started in 2008 and its involved in broiler farming , vaccines , healthcare products , feeds and educational institute for poultry . it markets and exports broiler chicken , vaccines for poultry , and healthcare products for animals . it is the largest poultry group in india .
rovers north inc is a privately held land rover parts dealer located in westford , vermont , united states . the company supports all original land rover models specializing in the defender , series ii and iii . they offer the entire range of land rover genuine parts direct from land rover uk , as well as publish north americas largest land rover publication , rovers magazine .
west coast motors is a bus , coach and ferry operator based in campbeltown , argyll .
universal life was the first local insurance company created in cyprus . today , it is the largest insurance company on the island with a market share in excess of 28 % . 2005 results report assets of cyp 457,383,000 . incorporated as a private company by prominent cypriot businessmen in 1970 , universal life was the first insurance company to be founded in cyprus after the enactment of the local insurance legislation .
makedonia is a greek daily newspaper published in thessaloniki . being one of the oldest newspapers in greece , it was first published in 1911 by konstantinos vellidis . the present owner is the company makedoniki ekdotiki ektipotiki ae . currently , director of the newspaper is dimitrios gousidis , the 7th in the last 12 years . previous directors were lazaros chatzinakos , ioannis kotofolos , traianos chatzidimitriou , loukas katsonis , pantelis savvidis and kostas zouraris .
parse was a mobile backend as a service platform originally developed by the provider parse , inc. the company was acquired by facebook in 2013 and shut down in january 2017 . following the announcement in 2016 of the impending shutdown , the platform was subsequently open sourced .
simple energy is a privately held software-as-a-service company . simple energy is headquartered in boulder , colorado .
haynes international , inc. , headquartered in kokomo , indiana , is one of the worlds largest producers of highperformance nickel and cobalt-based alloys in flat product form such as sheet , coil and plate forms it also manufactures alloys in seamless and welded tubulars , and in slab , bar , billet and wire forms . the company specializes in corrosion-resistant and high-temperature alloys for the aerospace , chemical processing and industrial gas turbine industries .
fki was a british engineering and manufacturing company headquartered in loughborough , leicestershire . for many years listed on the london stock exchange and a constituent of the ftse 250 index , it was taken private by buyout firm melrose in july 2008 .
exin is a dutch company which certifies it professionals worldwide . in addition , exin accredits organizations in the field of ict training and the development of ict training materials . exin is active in more than 165 countries and provides examination in many languages . since exin was founded in 1984 , it has assessed and certified more than two million professionals . exins headquarter is situated in utrecht , the netherlands .
victor is a male given name , the name is traditionally given to males with important families or clans , can also have other meanings : .
the kansas city motor car company was a manufacturer of automobiles in the shefield neighborhood in northeast kansas city , missouri from 1905 to 1909 and was one of the twenty now defunct automakers operating out of kansas city in the early 20th century .
jones soda co. is a beverage company based in pioneer square , seattle , washington . it bottles and distributes soft drinks , non-carbonated beverages , energy drinks , and candy . jones soda is a carbonated soft drink that has many unusual flavors that are not offered by other soft drink makers .
ntn buzztime is a company that produces interactive entertainment across many different platforms . its most well-known product , simply called buzztime , and formerly known as the ntn network , since 1985 , broadcasts trivia and other games via broadband over a national network to over 3,800 bars and restaurants in the united states , canada and the caribbean . operations in the uk were discontinued in 2008 . typically , independently owned bars and restaurants offer buzztime .
integrated broadband services provides fully integrated , cloud-based data and voice solutions to broadband providers in the united states , canada , latin america , the caribbean , and brazil . serving over 250 broadband providers that support more than 1.5 million modems worldwide , ibbs provides both residential broadband services and commercial service solutions to broadband operators .
au bon pain the good bread -RRB- is an american fast-casual bakery and caf chain headquartered in boston , massachusetts . in 1977 , louis rapuano founded au bon pain in bostons faneuil hall . since its inception , the chain has expanded throughout the united states . additionally , there are numerous franchise locations internationally in india and thailand .
abc-clio , llc is a publishing company for academic reference works and periodicals primarily on topics such as history and social sciences for educational and public library settings . abc-clio provides service to fifteen different online databases which contain over one million online textbooks . the company consults academic leaders in the fields they cover in order to provide authority for their reference titles . the headquarters are located in santa barbara , california .
fractal analytics is an indian analytics service provider based in india and united states . it is indias second-largest analytics firm .
slingerland is an american drum kits brand , currently owned by gibson . the brand is strongly related to jazz drummers , such as gene krupa or buddy rich , who used to play signature instruments made by the company . slingerland also produced electric and acoustic guitars , mandolins and banjos during the 1930s .
birchalls ltd is a tasmanian bookstore , former publisher , education supply and stationery company . founded in 1844 by samuel tegg , it is the oldest book store australia . in 1902 j.a. birchall , owner of the store , invented the first commercial notepad . the tilley family have owned the company since 1969 . it was announced the store would close in 2017 after ten months for sale with no buyer .
clearwater paper corporation is a pulp and paper product manufacturer that was created on december 9 , 2008 , via a spin-off from the real estate investment trust company potlatch corporation . with its headquarters in spokane , washington , the new company started with four locations for the manufacture of bleached paperboard , consumer tissue , and wood products .
thinking machines corporation was a supercomputer manufacturer and artificial intelligence company , founded in waltham , massachusetts , in 1983 by sheryl handler and w. daniel danny hillis to turn hilliss doctoral work at mit on massively parallel computing architectures into a commercial product known as the connection machine . the company moved in 1984 from waltham to kendall square in cambridge , massachusetts , close to the mit ai lab .
roquette is a french-based family owned company which produces more than 650 by-products from the starch extracted from corn , wheat , potatoes and peas . founded and headquartered in lestrem , france in 1933 by the brothers dominique and germain roquette , roquette has grow to become the leader in starch production in europe and the number four ranked producer of starch worldwide . it is also the leader in the production of polyols worldwide .
allied motion technologies inc. is a u.s. public corporation headquartered in new york , united states that produces precision and specialty motion control components and systems for commercial , industrial , aerospace and defense markets . the company now operates facilities in the united states , canada , mexico , europe and asia and sells its products globally .
crunchfund is an early stage , sector agnostic venture capital firm based in san francisco . cf maintains a variety of relationships with other vc firms and works alongside them , using its media and pr expertise , to help propel the companies of tomorrow .
j. h. hobbs , brockunier and company was one of the largest and best known manufacturers of glass in the united states in the 19th century . its products were distributed world-wide . the company is responsible for one of the greatest innovations in american glassmakingan improved formula for lime glass that enabled american glass makers to produce high-quality glass at a lower cost . the firm also developed many of the talented glassmakers that started glass factories in ohio and indiana .
cristom vineyards is an oregon wine producer and vineyard based near salem , u.s. it is in the eola-amity hills wine region within the willamette valley ava , about 6 miles northwest of keizer .
personal audio llc is a beaumont , texas-based company that enforces and earns licensing revenue from five patents .
the sri lanka broadcasting corporation came into existence on 5 january 1967 when radio ceylon became a public corporation . dudley senanayake who was the prime minister of ceylon in 1967 ceremonially opened the newly established ceylon broadcasting corporation along with minister ranasinghe premadasa and the director general of the cbc , neville jayaweera .
radio marconi is an italian-based company that has installed and serviced audio-visual and radio equipment since 1993 . it designs interactive multimedia communication systems . the company has also developed several applications for theaters , conference centers , museums and stadiums . during its lifespan , the company has become a service center for brands such as sony , sennheiser , neumann , and televic , with customers based in radio , television , theater , public authorities and security forces .
skygoblin is a swedish video game developer based in gothenburg , formed in 2005 as slx games . they became skygoblin in 2011 , after they adopted the name used by the development group of the freeware version of the journey down . they developed the casual 3d mmorpg nord in 2009 , which became the first fully 3d virtual world on facebook when the game was adapted for that site in 2010 . in 2010 , they released the freeware version of the first chapter of graphic adventure game the journey down .
cathay pacific airways limited is the flag carrier of hong kong , with its head office and main hub located at hong kong international airport . the airlines operations and subsidiaries have scheduled passenger and cargo services to 201 destinations in more than 60 countries worldwide including codeshares and joint ventures . cathay pacific operates a fleet of wide-body aircraft , consisting of airbus a330 , airbus a350 and boeing 777 equipment .
lesaffre is a french yeast manufacturer , and the worlds largest producer .
hq theatres & hospitality is the second largest owner and operator of provincial theatrical venues in the united kingdom . it is part of the qdos entertainment group .
amalgamated roadstone corporation was a british stone quarrying company .
citic clsa ltd. is an investment bank focused on institutional brokerage , corporate finance and asset management for corporate and institutional clients around the world .
ktel is the main intercity public transport bus service in greece . it is a cooperation of 62 regional bus companies , usually named after the regional unit they serve , e.g. ktel imathias for imathia . ktel was founded in 1952 . the ktel companies provide 80 % of all passenger transportation in greece . interregional transport , e.g. to athens , is provided by most of the ktel companies .
credito agrario bresciano s.p.a. was an italian bank based in brescia , italy .
mondo tv is one of the major production and distribution animation companies in europe . founded by orlando corradi in 1985 and based in rome , mondo tv is a public company , quoted on the star segment of the italian main stock exchange , borsa italiana , a part of the london stock exchange group since 2007 . it distributes and produces , on its own or in co-production with leading international networks , cartoon series and feature films for television and theatrical release .
the information and communications laboratory is one of eight labs in the georgia tech research institute . along with the gtri cyber technology and information security laboratory , it is part of the information and cyber sciences directorate . it conducts a broad range of research in areas of computer science , information technology , communications , networking , and the development of commercial products from university research .
national insurance corporation limited , commonly referred to as national insurance corporation , is an insurance company in uganda . the company is a leading provider of insurance and risk management services in the country .
charles david is now an american design company of luxury leather goods and shoes . the family-owned company began their canadian distribution of shoes in the 1970s which followed by the u.s. distribution of european shoes in 1987 . their first retail store opened at the cote-des-neighes plaza in montreal , quebec , canada in the early 1970s . they opened and operated several chains in canada until they moved their operations to los angeles , california in 1988 .
alghanim industries is one of the largest privately owned companies in the persian gulf region , predominantly in kuwait . a multinational company in outlook with operations in 40 countries , alghanim industries is a multibillion-dollar conglomerate with more than 30 businesses . they also fund projects and provide loans for non-uae/middle east countries . alghanim industries claimed that it collected revenues of $ 2.5 billion in 2009 , but has not disclosed its financial standing since .
popcap games , inc. is an american video game developer and publisher , based in seattle , washington , united states , and is a subsidiary of electronic arts . it was founded in 2000 by john vechey , brian fiete and jason kapalka , and since october 2013 employs about 400 people . most of popcaps games are available for a fee and are purchased through origin or steam . popcaps flagship title bejeweled has sold more than 50 million units across all major platforms .
hotel krone is the oldest hotel in solothurn town , switzerland founded in 1418 . the rooms are decorated with authentic louis xv or biedermeier furniture and equipped with minibars and work desks . during history it hosted many famous people including : casanovanapoleonsophia lorenhenry kissingerjose carreras , etc.
travel guard is a north american travel insurance provider . it specializes in providing travel insurance , assistance and emergency travel service plans .
al habtoor motors is an automobile distributor in the united arab emirates . the company was established in 1983 . in 2011 , the company launched the carzone megastore , the largest used car supermarket in the uae.in 2012 , the group launched an auto parts company called global auto parts , which supplies parts for all major japanese and korean car brands , and major european and american passenger cars and trucks .
gac toyota motor co. , ltd. is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in guangzhou , china and a joint-venture between gac group and toyota motor company . it was founded on 1 september 2004 . as of 2009 , the company had a 320,001 units-per-year production capacity at a nansha district production base and had established a target production capacity of 500,000 , which by now may have been achieved . such figures may consider engines and whole vehicles discrete .
the midwinter pottery was founded as w.r. midwinter by william robinson midwinter in burslem , stoke-on-trent in 1910 and had become one of englands largest potteries by the late 1930s with more than 700 employees . production of midwinter pottery ceased in 1987 .
not to be confused with the rainbow credit union , previously known as rainbow saver credit union and rainbow saver london credit union . rainbow saver anglia credit union limited is a not-for-profit member-owned financial co-operative , based in lowestoft and operating through 18 collection points in the east anglian counties of suffolk , cambridgeshire and certain districts of norfolk . it was established in 1999 and has 3,500 members .
sundance resources limited is an australian mining company , based in perth , western australia , whose main assets are iron ore leases in cameroon near mbalam , and across the border in the republic of congo . to exploit these leases , a 500 km railway is required to a new multi-user port at lolab on the atlantic coast . however , the development of the project has been postponed due to the market conditions for ore .
dah chong hong holdings limited is a hong kong-based conglomerate engaged in motor vehicle sales and repair , air cargo equipment distribution , cosmetic , airport ground support equipment maintenance , food , logistics and warehouse services .
beaver lumber was a canadian building supply chain owned by molson . it was once canadas fourth largest building supply chain with 138 stores . in 2000 it was purchased by home hardware , a cooperative of over 1000 independent canadian hardware stores . beaver lumber stores were rebranded as home building centres . beaver lumber , once canadas leading supplier of lumber , building materials and related products and services , began in 1883 as the banbury bros. lumber company in wolseley , saskatchewan .
resers fine foods , inc. , a united states corporation based in beaverton , oregon , manufactures and distributes fresh and frozen prepared foods . over 1,000 products are available in the 50 u.s. states , canada , guam , mexico , and areas of the far east . its prepared foods are sold in national grocery chains , independent outlets , and convenience stores . oregon state universitys football stadium , reser stadium , is named after the company , which is one of its sponsors .
dornier flugzeugwerke was a german aircraft manufacturer founded in friedrichshafen in 1914 by claude dornier . over the course of its long lifespan , the company produced many designs for both the civil and military markets .
cumerio med was bulgarias largest copper smelting company producing around 240,000 tonnes of smelted copper and around 60,000 tonnes of copper cathodes each year . in 1997 , the company was sold to cumerio a company from belgium for us $ 80 million but in 2007 , the company was bought by german company norddeutsche affinerie .
liberty cablevision of puerto rico is a telecommunications company that provides broadband internet access , voip , and television services in puerto rico . during its existence as onelink communications , the company was owned by midocean partners and crestview partners , which paid $ 250 million in june 2005 to buy the property from adelphia . on june 25 , 2012 , it was rumored that liberty global might buy onelink for $ 560 million usd .
uljanik plovidba is a croatian ship management company . founded in 1986 and based in pula , the company owns and operates three bulk carriers and five tankers , which are all leased to contractors . the company also provides ship management services to fleets owned by other shipping companies . it is part of the uljanik group , which also includes uljanik shipyard . as of september 2011 the company has four ships on order - one oil tanker built by 3 .
dare comics is a british publishing company started in 2007 by adam hamdy . the company is based in shropshire , but publishes in the united states . dare comics first title the hunter was published in december 2007 . dares second title starmaker : leviathan was published in 2009 .
insurrection media is an independent digital tv studio founded by kiliaen van rensselaer in 2015 . it develops and produces scripted content for over-the-top video platforms as well as broadcast and cable networks internationally .
talum is a major slovenian company based in kidrievo and specialising in alumina and aluminium products with an annual production capacity of around 156,000 tonnes .
gnodal was a computer networking company headquartered in bristol , uk . the company designed and sold network switches for datacenter , high-performance computing and high-frequency trading environments . gnodals products were based on its own peta asic , which was the basis of a family of 1ru and 2ru 10 gigabit ethernet low latency switches , including the gs7200 switch . gnodals products ran a linux-based network operating system , gnos os -RRB- , which was based on aricents iss product .
aerolites inc. is an american aircraft manufacturer based in welsh , louisiana . in business since at least 1984 , the company president is daniel j roch . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of light aircraft in the form of plans and kits for amateur construction . the company motto is innovators of aviation efficiency .
brook mays music company , known generally as brook mays , is a well known and established dallas , texas-based retailer of musical instruments , sheet music , and supplies for individuals , bands and orchestras . brook mays was founded by its namesake investor , brook mays , who saw the opportunity to open a piano dealership in dallas , and opened the chains original store in august 1901 . at the time , it dealt exclusively in pianos , and became the largest such dealership in its region .
integrated utility services is a high voltage electrical contracting business owned by an electrical distribution company and is based in yorkshire in england . it is owned by northern electric distribution limited and yorkshire electricity distribution plc which are the distribution network operators for the north east england and yorkshire regions .
miller homes is a housebuilder based in the united kingdom . it was founded in 1934 , as part of the previous miller group . its corporate headquarters is in edinburgh . since its inception , miller homes has built over 100,000 homes .
imaginengine corp. was an american video game developer based in venice , california . founded in 1994 , it was merged into backbone entertainment on january 1 , 2004 .
quintet co. , ltd. , is a former japanese video game developer , founded in april 1989 . the company name is derived from musical terminology , as well as five elements of game design planning , graphics , sound , programming and producing . quintet was most active in the 1990s , when it had a strong relationship with enix the company was also a member of the gd-net group of sega saturn developers .
dixons retail plc was one of the largest consumer electronics retailers in europe . in the united kingdom , the company operated currys , currys digital , pc world , dixons travel and its service brand knowhow.dixons retails nordic and central european business was operated under the elkjp umbrella , and it also operated kotsovolos in greece .
mediobanca is an italian investment bank founded in 1946 at the initiative of raffaele mattioli and enrico cuccia to facilitate the post-world war ii reconstruction of italian industry . cuccia led mediobanca from 1946 to 1982 . today , it is an international banking group with offices in frankfurt , london , madrid , moscow , new york and paris .
advance auto parts is a retailer of automotive parts and accessories in the united states headquartered in roanoke , virginia . aap was founded in 1932 and had 2015 sales of approximately $ 9.74 billion . the combined enterprise of aap operates over 5,200 company-owned and 1,300 independently owned stores covering every u.s. state , the virgin islands , puerto rico , and canada with more than 70,000 employees .
the isthmian steamship company was a shipping company founded by us steel in 1910 . isthmian steamship was the brainchild of us steel president james a. farrell , who had connections with the maritime industry through his fathers trade as a ships master . farrell realized that us steel could save substantial sums of money by owning its own fleet of freighters , rather than chartering cargo space from other companies .
the universal maritime suez canal company was the corporation that constructed the suez canal between 1859 and 1869 and operated it until 1956 . it was formed by ferdinand de lesseps in 1858 , and it owned and operated the canal for many years thereafter . initially , french private investors were the majority of the shareholders , with egypt also having a significant stake .
the helms bakery in culver city , california was a notable industrial bakery of southern california that operated from 1931 to 1969 . the buildings have now been adapted for reuse as retail shops , restaurants and the interior design trade showrooms and the complex is part of what is now called the helms bakery district .
osiris shoes is a skate shoe company that was founded in 1996 by tony chen , tony magnusson , brian reid , doug weston and laura kim . they created the company when they saw a void in the skateboard industry for pro designed and endorsed footwear .
the dodsal group is a diversified multinational conglomerate headquartered in dubai , united arab emirates . it operates in the areas of trading and distribution engineering , procurement and construction exploration and production casual dining restaurants and manufacturing . it is wholly owned by rajen a. kilachand , the chairman and president of the group .
capita plc , commonly known as capita , is an international business process outsourcing and professional services company headquartered in london . it is the largest business process outsourcing and professional services company in the uk , with an overall market share of 29 % in 2016 , and has clients in central government , local government and the private sector .
cooperative bank of south sudan is a commercial bank in south sudan . it is licensed and supervised by the bank of south sudan , the countrys central bank and national banking regulator .
bullhorn is a cloud computing company headquartered in boston , massachusetts . the company provides customer relationship management and operations software for the staffing industry . as of 2018 , the company reported more than 8,000 customers in more than 150 countries . besides its boston headquarters , the company has operations in st. louis , london , brighton , vancouver , sydney , and rotterdam .
gasterra is a dutch company that is active in the worldwide trade and supply of natural gas . it is owned by royal dutch shell , exxonmobil and the dutch government . its history dates back to 2005 , when the company was created after a split-up of the gasunie . before 2005 , the gasunie was authorized to both sell and transport natural gas discovered in the netherlands .
nicholas-beazley airplane company was an american aircraft manufacturer of the 1920s and 1930s .
comdial corporation was a telecommunications company based in sarasota , florida and was headquartered in a former lockheed plant building shared with l3 communications . because of the history of manufacturing at the facility , the grounds surrounding the site has been the subject of claims of environmental contamination , namely underground toxic chemicals . comdial was founded in oregon in 1977 as a telecommunications research firm .
peoples food co-op is a food cooperative located in portland , oregon . founded in 1970 by the members of a food-buying club , the co-op is owned by over 3000 member owners and is a member of the national cooperative grocers association and the united states federation of worker cooperatives .
jat capital management is a multibillion-dollar global equity investment firm that invests in the telecommunications , media and technology , travel , leisure and gaming sectors using a fundamentally-oriented , private-equity-style investment approach .
6wind is a french company marketing high performance-networking software . the company is privately held and headquartered in the west paris area , in montigny-le-bretonneux . 6wind has a us subsidiary , sales and support offices in japan and south korea , and research and development in china . the company provides packet processing software for physical and virtual linux networks applications . its offerings included source code , also marketed as network function virtualization .
north america western asia holdings , is an investment firm founded in 2011 . it was established by hyatt hotels executive chairman thomas pritzker and former pentagon official paul brinkley to build businesses in the middle east , central asia and north africa . nawah currently has two primary business units based in iraq .
godrej agrovet limited is an indian animal feed and agribusiness company . godrej agrovet is a highly diversified company backed by research and development . the company holds leading market position in poultry processing , animal feed , oil palm plantations and agri inputs . the company belongs to one of the highly diversified indian conglomerate the godrej group . the godrej group was founded by ardeshir godrej in 1897 with the manufacturing of locks . .
patriot scientific corporation refers to itself an intellectual property licensing company . founded in 1992 , it is a delaware corporation based in carlsbad , california and is one of the publicly traded companies started by inventor elwood woody norris .
the interprint group is one of the leading decor printers in the world .
rothmans international plc was a british tobacco manufacturer . its brands included rothmans , players and dunhill . its international headquarters were in hill street , london and its international operations were run from denham place , denham village in buckinghamshire . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index but was acquired by british american tobacco in 1999 . its business was strongest in europe , and it specialised in premium brands .
tunein inc. is an american audio streaming service delivering live news , radio , sports , music , and podcasts to an audience of over 60 million monthly active users worldwide . the company is based in san francisco , california . founded by bill moore in 2002 as radiotime in dallas , texas , tunein has more than 100,000 broadcast radio stations and four million on-demand programs and podcasts from around the world .
stat-ease , inc. is a privately held company producing statistical software in minneapolis , minnesota founded by pat whitcomb in 1982 . the company currently has 14 employees . the company provides software packages for engineers and scientists using design of experiments methods for optimizing development of products and processes . it also provides doe training and consulting services .
terna energy is a greek renewable energy company that is listed on the athens exchange . the company is a subsidiary of greek conglomerate gek terna , which through its subsidiary heron s.a. is as well involved in the construction and operation of thermoelectric power generation fuelled with natural gas . terna energy however exclusively produces energy from renewable energy sources , including wind farms and small hydroelectric plants .
martins bank was a london private bank , trading for much of its time under the symbol of the grasshopper , that could trace its origins back to the london goldsmiths . martins agreed to its acquisition by the bank of liverpool in 1918 . the bank of liverpool wanted martins to give it a london presence and a seat on the london clearing house the martins name was retained in the title of the enlarged bank which was known as the bank of liverpool and martins limited .
lankacom is a sri lanka-based telecommunications company . founded in 1991 , it is a subsidiary of singtel and was the first company granted a communication operator license in the country .
lake trust credit union is a community-based credit union headquartered in brighton , michigan . it is a not-for-profit financial cooperative owned by members of the credit union and regulated under the authority of the national credit union administration . the organization is governed and supervised by an 18-member board of directors . the earliest predecessor of lake trust credit union was detroit edison credit union , which was chartered in 1944 .
infrastructure development finance company is a finance company based in india . it provides finance and advisory services for infrastructure projects as well as asset management and investment banking .
tegile systems is a manufacturer of flash storage arrays based in newark , california . both hybrid and all-flash storage arrays use technology called intelliflash .
induction to the international bluegrass music hall of fame , called the international bluegrass music hall of honor from its creation in 1991 through 2006 , is managed by the international bluegrass music association , and the hall itself is maintained at the bluegrass music hall of fame & museum , owensboro , kentucky .
b or b is the second letter of the iso basic latin alphabet . it represents the voiced bilabial stop in many languages , including english . in some other languages , it is used to represent other bilabial consonants .
shoman productions is a pakistani media production company which was founded in 1980 by shoaib mansoor . company produces motion pictures , television serials and music videos . it is known for the hit motion pictures such as the 2007 film khuda kay liye and the 2011 social blockbuster movie bol which have been directed , produced and written by mansoor himself . he is set to release his third film verna in 2017 .
ck hutchison holdings limited is a cayman islandsregistered multinational conglomerate headquartered in hong kong . the company was formed in march 2015 through the merger of cheung kong holdings and its main associate company hutchison whampoa . it is renowned for its five core businesses ports and related services , retail , infrastructure , energy and telecommunications , which operates in over 50 countries .
denizen hotels was launched to be the eleventh member of the hilton family of hotels . hilton targeted the brand to mark the companys entry into the global lifestyle brand sector , and introduced it on march 10 , 2009 , in berlin , germany . however , due to legal action by a competitor , denizens development was halted and the brand is has been dropped .
joyce boutique holdings limited is a fashion retailer in hong kong . it is engaged in the franchise of fashion , accessories and cosmetics designer brands in greater china under the name joyce or mono brand freestanding stores . it operates 40 points of sale across greater china including five joyce multi-brand boutiques and over 10 joyce beauty store concepts . it was founded by mrs. joyce ma in 1971 . its shares were listed on the hong kong stock exchange in 1990 .
lotus creative entertainment is a canadian video game development company based in vancouver , british columbia , canada . founded in 2004 by team lotus , and made famous by the mod path of vengeance , which won the independent games festival 2006 best unreal tournament 2004 modification award .
martin-baker aircraft co. ltd. is a british manufacturer of ejection seats and safety-related equipment for aviation . the companys origins were originally as an aircraft manufacturer before becoming a pioneer in the field of ejection seats . the companys headquarters are in higher denham , buckinghamshire , england with other sites in france , italy and the united states . martin-baker supplies ejection seats for 93 air forces worldwide .
festival records was an australian recording and publishing company founded in sydney in 1952 and operated until 2005 . festival was a wholly owned subsidiary of news limited from 1961 to 2005 , and the company was very successful for most of its fifty-year life , despite the fact that as much as 90 % of its annual profit was regularly siphoned off by rupert murdoch to subsidise his other media ventures .
defense . net is a privately held american information technology and services company . the companys business is to protect internet-facing infrastructures such as e-commerce web sites against all forms of distributed denial of service attacks at the network . defense . net operates a constellation of ddos mitigation sites around the internet which are capable of filtering and removing ddos attacks real-time .
1st constitution bancorp is a bank holding company based in cranbury , new jersey that operates 1st constitution bank .
bottle rocket , inc. was a leading developer of web-based casual games and advergames from 1996 until 2000 , when the company was acquired by actv , a technical and creative interactive television services company later acquired by opentv . based in new york city , the company created more than 40 licensed trivia , prediction , simulation , arcade-style and multiplayer game formats played by more than 600,000 registered users , and specialized in sports-related content .
attn : is a media company based in los angeles , california . as of january 2018 , the company receives more than 2 billion monthly impressions and over 500 million monthly video views , primarily on social media platforms like facebook . and instagramattn : was founded in 2014 by matthew segal and jarrett moreno .
aerojet rocketdyne is an american rocket and missile propulsion manufacturer . headquartered in sacramento , california , the company is owned by aerojet rocketdyne holdings . aerojet rocketdyne was formed in 2013 when aerojet and pratt & whitney rocketdyne were merged , following the latters acquisition by gencorp from pratt & whitney . on april 27 , 2015 , the name of the holding company , gencorp , was changed from gencorp , inc. to aerojet rocketdyne holdings , inc.
mobiwire sas is a spin-off of sagem wireless . mobiwire sas was created in july 2011 with an equity investment from mobiwire mobiles ningbo co ltd , formerly sagetel mobiles of ningbo , china because sagem wireless had gone into bankruptcy when it was majority owned by sofinnova . currently , the company has shifted its focus to mid to high range smartphones and cash payment terminals , as an original design manufacturer for main european mobile network operators and retailers .
snapp is a ride-hailing company from tehran , iran . snapp launched in february 2014 under the name taxi yab , but changed its name due to legal issues . users can request a ride via the ios or android app , by indicating their location and destination . the price of the trip is set beforehand , to eliminate haggling . snapp commissions drivers upon completing a background check , and showing a valid drivers license and insurance before hiring them .
busan bank is a regional bank in south korea . the bank is based and headquartered in the busy port city of busan , south korea , and offers a full range of retail banking services including foreign exchange at its seomyeon main branch . the company was established in 1967 to facilitate the regional economy . the bank has 237 branches in korea .
star banc corporation was a cincinnati , ohio-based regional bank holding company that became firstar in 1998 and eventually became u.s. bancorp in 2001 . the company can trace it origins back to 1863 when it was first founded as the first national bank of cincinnati .
convenience retail asia limited is a hong kong retailer which owns convenience stores and bakeries in hong kong , macau and mainland china . the company was established in 1985 and is headquartered in hong kong . it is a subsidiary of li & fung , one of the largest retailers in hong kong . the company was listed on the growth enterprise market board of hong kong stock exchange .
the lock up self storage group , an affiliate of shs development , llc , owns and operates 32 self storage facilities in 8 different states . the lock up is headquartered in northfield , illinois , and currently manages more than two million square feet of storage .
jones radio networks & jones media group were branches of jones international before being sold to triton media group . jrn and jmn provide local radio stations with satellite-delivered formats . they also offer other services to local radio such as news and talk programs , syndicated radio shows , music scheduling , show preparation , and music and sales research .
graand production is a film production company which produces malayalam language films , founded by indian film actor dileep and his brother anoop . its first production was the 2003 film c.i.d. moosa .
hubei sanonda co. , ltd. is a chinese pesticide producer , based in jingzhou , hubei province . as at 31 december 2016 , state-owned enterprise chemchina via sanonda group and adama agricultural solutions owned a combined 30.75 % stake . it was followed by the government of qichun county .
sk communications krx : 066270 is a south korean tech company that owns and operates popular web portal nate . it offers internet access and telecommunications services for residences and businesses . sk communications was founded in 1999 as lycos korea , a 50-50 venture of lycos of the united states and mirae corp. of south korea . the firm was sold to sk telecom in 2002 and changed its name to sk communications . sk telecom currently holds 85.9 percent of its shares .
rap4 is a manufacturer of paintball markers , paintball equipment , tactical gear and training tools .
skyguard ltd is a uk based lone worker protection provider .
highq is a privately owned software as a service company providing cloud-based secure file sharing , team collaboration and social networking software for enterprise customers . it has customers in the legal , banking and corporate sectors as well as government and life sciences . highq was founded in london in 2001 by university friends ajay patel and veenay shah .
petrobras argentina is the argentine-based former subsidiary of petrleo brasileiro s.a. , the brazilian energy conglomerate and now a subsidiary of pampa energiathe unit was established in 1993 , and in 2001 , expanded into 700 service stations with the purchase of eg3 from the struggling sociedad comercial del plata .
canyon bicycles gmbh is a german manufacturer of racing bikes , mountain bikes and triathlon bikes based in koblenz , germany .
constana south container terminal is located in the port of constana , 170 nautical miles from the bosphorus strait and 250 kilometres from romanias capital bucharest . it is the largest container terminal in the black sea area having an annual traffic capacity of 1,500,000 twenty-foot equivalent unit . located on a plot of land of 31 hectares .
qintex ltd. was an australian-american financial services company that came to prominence in 1986 . it collapsed in 1991 . its main shareholder and managing director was christopher skase . in 1986 , takeovers , equities & management securities .
biopure corporation was a biopharmaceutical company that specialized in oxygen therapeutics for both human and veterinary use . the company developed , manufactured , and marketed oxygen therapeutics , designed to transport oxygen to the bodys tissues . the oxygen technology uses hemoglobin-based oxygen carrying molecules in solution to increase oxygen transfer to the tissues .
investors bank is a publicly traded , full-service bank that is based in short hills , new jersey , usa . the bank operates over 150 branches across new jersey and new york .
verlag herder is a publishing company started by the herders , a german family . the company focuses primarily on catholic topics of ecclesiology , christian mysticism , womens studies , and the development of younger catholic theologians .
revolve theatre company is a henley-on-thames based theatre company specialising in political and shakespearean plays . the company is owned by oliver dench , joe morris and tom smith .
barqi tojik is a national integrated power company of tajikistan . the chairman of the company is rustam rahmatzoda . barqi tojik operates the nurek hydroelectric power plant , the largest station in central asia with an installed generation capacity of 3 gigawatts and produces over 75 % of tajikistans electricity .
simple & crisp is an innovative dried fruit company in seattle , washington that produces and sells artisanal dried apple , orange , pear and blood orange crackers using 100 % fruit thats thinly sliced and simply dried . simple & crisp is natures best cracker , naturally gluten-free , non-gmo , sulfite-free and antioxidant and fiber-rich .
uganda commercial bank ltd was a ugandan government-owned bank , and the largest financial institution in the country . in 2001 the bank was privatised and merged into stanbic bank limited .
hac mer sabanc holding a. . , abbreviated as sabanc holding , is the largest industrial and financial conglomerate in turkey by profit . the holding is owned at about 61 % by the sabanc family , one of turkeys wealthiest . the remaining 39 % is listed in the istanbul stock exchange . erol sabanc family , sevil sabanc , dilek sabanc , serra sabanc are major sharehoders and represent the board , whereas , mer sabanc , demet sabanc and evket .
alliedsignal was an american aerospace , automotive and engineering company created through the 1985 merger of allied corp. and signal companies . it subsequently purchased honeywell for $ 15 billion in 1999 , and thereafter adopted the honeywell name and identity . alliedsignal was a member of the dow jones industrial average from 1985 until february 19 , 2008 .
sol is an indian production company best known for making non fiction shows in india .
brightpoint , inc. was a provider of wireless device lifecycle services , specializing in the distribution of wireless devices and in providing customized logistics services to the wireless industry . brightpoint had a 2011 revenue of $ 5.24 billion .
bakers is a supermarket chain operating primarily in the metro area of omaha , nebraska . it is owned by kroger . bakers supermarket has an annual revenue of $ 325,000,000 .
general motors do brasil is the largest subsidiary of the general motors in south america and the second largest operation outside the united states . in 2005 it completed 80 years of operation in brazil . the company was founded in 1925 and operated in rented houses , located in the historic district of ipiranga in so paulo . in the early days the company only assembled cars using parts imported from the united states .
chiantibanca credito cooperativo , societ cooperativa is an italian bank based in monteriggioni , tuscany . the bank was a cooperative bank . however , in 2016 the bank demutualized . in the same year the bank also absorbed banca di pistoia credito cooperativo and banca area pratese credito cooperativo .
dashs designer , more commonly called dashs , was an off-price , high-end mens clothing store chain based in washington , d.c. , georgetown , maryland and tysons corner , virginia .
firehole composites is a supplier of computer-aided engineering software and consulting services specializing in analysis of composite materials . founded in 2000 , the companys mission is to provide enabling technologies to further the widespread use of composite materials .
customer magnetism is a digital marketing agency based in virginia beach , virginia . the company offers social media marketing , seo , ppc , web development , infographics , content creation , and email marketing . the company works with both small businesses and large corporations .
hp is an american technology company which develops personal computers , printers and related supplies , as well as 3d printing solutions . it was formed on november 1 , 2015 , renamed from the personal computer and printer divisions of the original hewlett-packard company , with its enterprise products and services businesses becoming hewlett packard enterprise .
judd is a name brand of engines produced by engine developments ltd. , a company founded in 1971 by john judd and jack brabham in rugby , warwickshire , england . engine developments was intended to build engines for brabhams racing efforts , and became one of the first firms authorised by cosworth to maintain and rebuild its dfv engines , but has since expanded into various areas of motorsport .
mechanical lloyd company limited is a ghanaian automobiles company . they are listed on the stock index of the ghana stock exchange , the gse all-share index . it was incorporated on august 7 , 1970 and was listed on the stock exchange on may 10 , 1994 .
turcat-mry was a french motor manufacturer from 1899 until 1928 . it is now celebrated as the marque that won the inaugural monte carlo rally , but in its prime it was also known for grand prix racing and for producing the car of the connoisseur . prior to world war i it was closely associated with the lorraine-dietrich company .
embassy pictures corporation was an american independent film production and distribution studio responsible for such films as godzilla , king of the monsters ! , the graduate , the lion in winter , carnal knowledge , the night porter , phantasm , the fog , prom night , scanners , the howling , escape from new york , and this is spinal tap .
striped entertainment is an american film distributor and international sales company . the company was formed in 2012 and specializes in foreign and independent films . one of the first films distributed by striped entertainment was the scottish chiller graders , which was wrongly reported to be in part based on a real life criminal case but in fact was totally fictional . the first theatrical release was the feature film brief reunion , directed by john daschbach .
rail transport is a means of transferring of passengers and goods on wheeled vehicles running on rails , also known as tracks . it is also commonly referred to as train transport . in contrast to road transport , where vehicles run on a prepared flat surface , rail vehicles are directionally guided by the tracks on which they run . tracks usually consist of steel rails , installed on ties and ballast , on which the rolling stock , usually fitted with metal wheels , moves .
antenna group , better known as ant1 group , is a media company in greece and is currently the largest greek media company . it was established on 9 august 1989 by minos kyriakou , the president and founder of antenna group . today kyriakou heads up a media empire whose operations include broadcasting , publishing , internet services , telecommunications and a record label . at the cornerstone of the company is ant1 tv , one of the largest and most successful private television networks in greece .
bancabc , officially known as abc holdings limited , is a pan-african financial services provider , headquartered in gaborone , botswana . bancabc is a financial services provider in southern africa and eastern africa . as of december 2015 , the banks group assets were valued at about us $ 1.81 billion , with shareholders equity valued at us $ 115.75 million . bancabc has subsidiaries in botswana , mozambique , tanzania , zambia , and zimbabwe . with plans to expand into angola , south sudan , and uganda .
trotec laser is an international manufacturer of advanced laser technology for laser cutting , laser engraving and laser marking . the company was founded in 1997 , branching off from a research and development department within its parent company trodat . trotec is headquartered in marchtrenk , austria , with subsidiaries around the world in the united kingdom , the united states , canada , germany , france , netherlands , poland , china , japan , russia , australia and south africa .
the moline automobile company was an american brass era automobile manufacturer in moline , illinois known for the moline-knight .
temple square hospitality corporation is a subsidiary of deseret management corporation which provides dining , catering and other services at the lion house , joseph smith memorial building , and other properties owned by zions securities corporation near temple square in downtown salt lake city , utah . the company caters parties , weddings , and corporate events .
the indian strategic petroleum reserve is an emergency fuel store of total 5 mmt or 36.92 mmbbl of strategic crude oil enough to provide 10 days of consumption which are maintained by the indian strategic petroleum reserves limited . strategic crude oil storages are at 3 underground locations in mangalore , visakhapatnam and padur . all these are located on the east and west coasts of india which are readily accessible to the refineries .
the geibeltbad pirna is a public bath and water sport facility in pirna near dresden , saxony in germany . finished under the nazis on july 20 , 1937 , it is one of the largest baths in the world . the 20,000 square metre site was renovated and upgraded in 2001-02 to include an indoor swimming pool , wellness centre and other facilities . from 1937 to 1990 geibeltbad was a venue for the german swimming championships as well as a training site . in 2006 , the bath welcomed 233,588 visitors .
armour transportation systems is a transportation and warehousing company based in moncton , new brunswick , canada . founded in 1955 in a small village outside moncton , armour has grown to become one of the leading transport companies in canada . the company has several divisions , armour transport is the brand used for transporting goods within eastern canada , whereas the companies long haul operations are done under the pole star , triple b , and hillmans brands .
gloneta is a payment network and a mobile application that allows to send the money instantly between users with zero or very low costs in the familiar interface of a mobile chat application . the app was developed by luxembourg-based company , snapswap international s.a. , an electronic money institution authorized by the ministry of finance of the grand duchy of luxemburg to issue electronic money instruments and provide payment services .
pell frischmann is a multi-disciplinary engineering consultancy based in london that provides structural and civil engineering , planning , design , and consulting services . pell frischmann employs over 1000 staff worldwide with 8 offices across the uk and international offices in india , the middle east , turkey and romania . the original company was founded by cecil pell in the 1920s who entered partnership with wilem w frischmann in the early 70s forming pell frischmann and partners .
pioneer coal limited is a canadian mining company based in antigonish , nova scotia . it was founded in 1980 by john chisholm , owner of nova construction company limited . the company currently operates two open pit coal mines : stellarton surface coal mine , located in stellarton , nova scotiapoint aconi surface coal mine , located in point aconi , nova scotiaboth open pit mines are being operated in areas which used to have underground mining operations .
wallis is a british womens clothing retailer . the brand operates from 134 stores and 126 concessions across the uk and republic of ireland . wallis is a subsidiary of the arcadia group and one of the many companies under ownership of philip green .
infobright is a commercial provider of column-oriented relational database software with a focus in machine-generated data . the company will bring to market a new data analytics product in the latter half of 2016 . the companys head office is located in toronto , ontario , canada . most of its research and development is based in warsaw , poland . support personnel are located in various offices around the world .
intervideo was a software publisher specializing in multimedia-related programs . intervideos products include video capturing , video editing , dvd authoring , cd/dvd recording , film distribution , and video playback . its best known product was windvd . intervideo marketed its products to the retail market as well as to original equipment manufacturers . the company was headquartered in fremont , california .
miller freeman , inc. , was a san francisco-based publisher of trade books and business magazines , as well as a manager of trade and industry expositions . it was an innovative force in business technology and communications in the 1990s . the company name is owned by united business media , but it no longer exists as an independent company .
mayr-melnhof karton ag is a manufacturer in the paper and packaging industry , based in vienna , austria . the company is 65 % family owned , with the rest free-float , and is listed on the vienna stock exchange . mayr-melnhof packaging is a multi-national company with plants in austria , chile , germany , france , the united kingdom , iran , jordan , the netherlands , poland , romania , russia , spain , turkey , tunisia , ukraine , and vietnam .
point of rental software , inc. is a us company that was founded in 1983 by former nasa software engineers who opened a rental store in texas .
dixy chicken is a fast food chain that specializes in halal chicken . the company was founded by two british pakistanis , who offered halal versions of products found in mcdonalds and kfc . it is owned by an english company , sabt2 limited . dixy chicken was founded in 1986 , and has 110 outlets within the united kingdom . there are four in syria , and one each in france , norway , and egypt , as well as india , brunei , pakistan and the united arab emirates .
habijax of jacksonville , florida is the largest of the 1,600 + affiliates of habitat for humanity international in the united states . habijax was named the 8th largest homebuilder in the united states by builder magazine for 2009 . the program builds simple , decent , and affordable housing using volunteer labor and sells them at no profit , with no interest charged on the 25 year mortgage .
amandala is a belizean tabloid newspaper published twice weekly , it is considered the most widely circulated newspaper in belize . it was established on 13 august 1969 as the print organ of the now-defunct united black association for development , but has been politically independent since the mid-1970s . its offices are located at 3304 partridge street in belize city . as of 2017 , it has published over 3000 issues .
new limpopo bridge ltd. , is a private company , incorporated and registered in zimbabwe , and is a subsidiary of nlpi ltd , an investment holding company whose main investment focus is infrastructure projects in africa .
sime darby berhad is a major malaysia-based multinational conglomerate involved in 5 core sectors : plantations , property , industrial , motors and logistics . sime darby is listed on the main board of bursa malaysia securities berhad . it has vested interests and close relationships with the malaysian government . it has assisted the malaysian government by buying the management of the sarawak land development board .
merisant company is a united states manufacturer of artificial sweeteners , including equal and canderel . the company was formed from monsanto companys tabletop sweetener business , which was acquired by a group of investors in 2000 . merisant is privately held and headquartered in chicago . the whole earth sweetener company is a wholly owned subsidiary , which markets low-calorie sweeteners based on erythritol and stevia extract .
vestron video was the main subsidiary of vestron , inc. , a home video company based in stamford , connecticut that was active from 1981 to 1992 . it is considered to have been a pioneer in the home video market .
wordalive publishers provides transformational content by publishing , marketing and distributing christian books in sub-saharan africa and beyond . wordalive publishers is a pan-african publishing house based in nairobi , kenya , with offices in kampala , uganda . the companys main focus is on personal growth , inspirational , leadership , relationships , fiction , theology , and childrens books . wordalives catalogue contains more than 70 titles from both local and international authors .
monkeystone games was a video game developer and publisher founded by john romero , tom hall , stevie case , and brian moon . the companys focus was on mobile games . after its inception in july 2001 , monkeystone published several titles on multiple platforms .
plextor is a taiwanese brand best known for its optical disc recorders and ssds . the brand name plextor was used for all products manufactured by the electronic equipment division and printing equipment division of the japanese company plextor inc. , which was and is a 100 % - owned subsidiary company of shinano kenshi corp. , also a japanese company .
sky cable corporation , commonly known as sky , is a filipino telecommunications company based in diliman , quezon city . it is the countrys largest cable television provider in terms of revenue and number of subscribers and the countrys largest pay tv provider in terms of revenue and net income . it is a subsidiary of the media conglomerate abs-cbn corporation .
mdm bank -RRB- , literally meaning moscow business world bank in english , is a russian joint stock commercial bank , one of russias largest private banks based in novosibirsk . as of august 2009 , the bank completed a merger with novosibirsk-based ursa bank . the new bank will operate under mdm bank brand name as an open joint stock company , but the merger is actually structured as an acquisition of mdm by ursa . the new corporate headquarters will be based in novosibirsk .
fidelity national information services inc. , better known by the abbreviation fis , is an international provider of financial services technology and outsourcing services . headquartered in jacksonville , florida , fis employs more than 55,000 people worldwide . fis provides payment processing and banking software , services and outsourcing of the associated technology . fis has over 20,000 clients in more than 130 countries .
banca popolare di vicenza was an italian bank and currently a winding-down company . the banking group along was the 15th largest retail and corporate bank of italy by total assets at 31 december 2016 , according to mediobanca . however , its sister bank veneto banca also ranked 16th in the same ranking , making the whole banking group that under atlante , had a higher pro-forma total assets than 10th of the same ranking , crdit agricole italia .
ceres transport , incorporated is a bus company under the umbrella of yanson group of bus companies . it is based in batangas city . it operates bus transport services in batangas and metro manila , using the strong republic nautical highway .
aareal bank ag is an international company listed on the mdax index with headquarters in wiesbaden , germany , which traded as depfa deutsche bau - und boden bank ag and formed part of the depfa gruppe until 2002 . aareal bank is represented on three continents and oversees property financing in more than 20 countries . aareal bank ag has been listed on the german stock exchange since 2002 .
friedrich hofmeister musikverlag is a publisher of classical music , founded by friedrich hofmeister in leipzig in 1807 . early listings included composers ludwig van beethoven , frdric chopin and franz liszt . hofmeister was the first to publish mahlers second symphony . pedagogical works , such as a violinenschule of hubert ries , are still in use . the company sells sheet music internationally , including asia and america .
bongo comics group is a comic book publishing company founded in 1993 by matt groening along with steve & cindy vance and bill morrison . it publishes comics related to the animated television series the simpsons and futurama , as well as the spongebob squarepants comic along with original material . it was named after bongo , a rabbit character in groenings comic strip life in hell .
toyota tsusho corporation is a sg shsha , a member of the toyota group . toyota tsusho has a worldwide presence through its many subsidiaries and operating divisions , including over 150 offices , and 900 subsidiaries and affiliates around the world .
mindcraft software is an american video game developer , founded in 1989 by ali atabek . it is best recognized for the award-winning the magic candle series . .
fedex express , formerly federal express , is a cargo airline based in memphis , tennessee , united states . it is the worlds largest airline in terms of freight tons flown and the worlds fourth largest in terms of fleet size . it is a subsidiary of fedex corporation , delivering packages and freight to more than 375 destinations in nearly every country each day . its headquarters are in memphis with its global superhub located at memphis international airport .
21 laps entertainment is an american film and television production company run by director-producer shawn levy . 21 laps produces content in multiple genres and along with levy , the companys leadership includes dan levine and dan cohen . one of the companys most recent television projects , stranger things , premiered on netflix in july 2016 and achieved tremendous critical acclaim , earning a 95 % on rotten tomatoes with 55 out of 58 reviews being positive .
heiwa real estate is a japanese real estate and construction company . it is listed on the nikkei 225 .
midwest engineering & design is an american aircraft , boat and submarine manufacturer based in overland park , kansas . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of a wide variety of vehicles and other products under the motto exploring our world by land , sea and air .
loopt was a company based in mountain view , california , united states which provided a service for smartphone users to share their location selectively with other people . the service supported iphone , blackberry , android and windows phones . loopts services had more than five million registered users and partnerships with every major u.s. mobile phone carrier . their applications offered a variety of privacy controls .
dealflicks is an online movie ticketing company founded in 2012 and based in los angeles , ca . the company sells discounted movie tickets online and through mobile devices . the company is currently partnered with more than 750 theaters in the united states . as of july 2014 , dealflicks has raised $ 1.7 million in seed funding .
central iron ore enrichment works specializes in processing and production of raw materials for the steel industry , merchant concentrate with an average fe content of 65.0 % to 68.2 % and pellets with an average fe content of 63.9 % . it is the only mine in ukraine , that simultaneously uses open-pit quartzite fields and underground mining .
jmtlands flyg ab is a swedish helicopter company that specialise in both aerial and charter work . they operate out of the main heliport gviken in the city of stersund , in jmtland county . jmtlands flyg ab is a member of swedish association of aviation companies , and is purveyor to the court of sweden .
watani investment company is a financial services firm with operations across the middle east . nbk capital was established in july 2005 as a fully owned subsidiary of the national bank of kuwait , the largest kuwaiti bank and the highest rated in the middle east . nbk capital focuses on four principal lines of business : alternative investments , asset management , brokerage and investment banking .
cardrunners was an instructional poker site developed by taylor caby . cardrunners charged members a monthly fee for access to their catalog of poker instructional videos and private poker strategy forums . as of april 2008 , cardrunners had over 10,000 subscribers and in 2007 the company took in more than $ 3,000,000 in revenue . cardrunners was founded in 2005 largely as a response to growth of interest in internet poker due to the moneymaker effect .
gertrude hawk chocolates is a chocolate company based in dunmore , pennsylvania . the company was started by gertrude jones hawk in 1936 . hawk began her career at the age of 12 after the death of her father . she took a job in a candy shop and later began making chocolates in the kitchen of her home in scranton , pennsylvania . following world war ii , her son elmer hawk invested his service pay in the fledgling business enabling the family to purchase mechanical chocolate making equipment .
maxi or officially delhaize serbia , is a serbian supermarket chain , part of ahold delhaize . maxi was founded in 2000 , with its first store opening at belgrade and also headquartered in belgrade . the chain has around 450 stores in the region .
stryker entertainment , inc. was formed in august 2014 by jeffrey engelen and dylan sidoo . the company handles film/television acquisitions and distribution , providing viable film and tv content to us vod , theaters , and international regions . stryker partnered with freestyle digital media on the distribution of the devils violinist .
the lincs fm group based in lincolnshire , in the uk is the parent company of several independent local radio stations .
vca pictures is an american pornographic film production and distribution company . the company was founded by russ hampshire , and was formerly a major player during the golden age of porn . throughout the 1970s and 1980s vca produced big budget , plot-oriented feature films . in 1982 vca sold 12,000 units of insatiable on its first day of release , making it the top selling video that year in america .
china national salt industry corporation , abbreviated as china salt , is a state-owned enterprise of china which controls a monopoly over the management and production of edible salt .
catenae innovation is a british digital media and technology company . originally a cross media proprietor with holdings in radio , publishing and television , the company now focuses on the digital media and technology sector . the company is based in london and is a constituent of the ftse aim all-share index division of the alternative investment market .
sigma alimentos , s.a. de c.v. , also known as sigma or sigma alimentos , is a mexican multinational food processing and distribution company headquartered in san pedro , near monterrey , mexico . it produces and distributes refrigerated foods , mainly lunch meats , cheeses , and yogurts . it is one of the largest producers and distributors of refrigerated foods in mexico , some of its well-known brands are fud , chen , san rafael , guten , and yoplait .
toei animation co. , ltd. -LRB- -RRB- is a japanese animation studio primarily owned by toei company .
qinghai huading industrial co. , ltd. known as qinghai huadingor just qhhd is a holding company established in 1998 and listed on the shanghai stock exchange in 2000 . as of 12 june 2015 , the company has a market capitalization of 4.682 billion cny and employs over 4,000 staffs . through its various subsidiaries , the company is involved mainly in the manufacturing and distribution of machine tools , gearboxes , food machineries , elevator components and led lightings .
brasil kirin , previously known as schincariol , is a brazilian brewery and beverage company , the second largest in the country after ambev .
the penguin group is a trade book publisher and part of penguin random house . it is owned by pearson plc , the global education and publishing company , and bertelsmann , the german media conglomerate . the new company was created by a merger that was finalised on 1 july 2013 , with bertelsmann owning 53 % of the joint venture , and pearson controlling the remaining 47 % . penguin books has its registered office in city of westminster , london . its british division is penguin books ltd.
george p. johnson or gpj is an american multinational corporation that specialises in event marketing and brand marketing , with headquarters located in auburn hills , michigan , united states . gpj operates primarily as a marketing and advertisement firm , providing digital , multimedia and physical marketing interactions , as well as offering brand management services and consulting , however gpj specialises in more traditional physical event management .
weston presidio is an american private equity firm focused on growth capital investments in late-stage companies across a range of industries with a specific focus on the consumer products , business services , industrial , media , publishing , healthcare and technology sectors . the firm , which is based in boston , massachusetts , has offices in san francisco and menlo park , california .
best denki co. , ltd. is a japanese electronics retailer with outlets across japan , indonesia , singapore , malaysia , taiwan and kuwait . they also operated in hong kong from late 1980s to 2011 . best denki headquarters is located in fukuoka . previously , in singapore and hong kong , it was known as yaohan best , when it started operations there in 1985 . after yaohans bankruptcy , the store was changed to its current name .
dunkin donuts is an american global doughnut company and coffeehouse based in canton , massachusetts . it was founded in 1950 by william rosenberg in quincy , massachusetts and has become one of the largest coffee and baked goods chains in the world , with more than 12,000 restaurants in 36 countries . the chains products include doughnuts , bagels , other baked goods , and a variety of hot and iced beverages .
septa trolley routes 101 and 102 also known as the mediasharon hill line , are light rail lines operated by the suburban transit division of the southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority . the routes eastern terminus is 69th street transportation center in upper darby , pennsylvania route 101 to media , route 102 to sharon hill . altogether , the two lines operate on approximately 11.9 miles of route .
house of guitars , inc. is a store selling guitars , percussion and other music-related items in irondequoit , a suburb of rochester , new york . billed as the largest guitar store in the world , it has a prodigious collection of new , used and vintage guitars , amplifiers and other musical instruments , a large collection of music recordings on vinyl records , cassette tapes and compact discs , music videos , t-shirts and other rock memorabilia . the stores slogan is for the rising young stars from earth .
the texas natural resources information system is the principal state archive in texas for natural resources data . tnris provides a central access point for texas natural resources data , census data , digital and paper maps , and information about datasets collected by state agencies and other organizations . tnris is a division of the texas water development board .
the michigan-peninsular car company was a railroad rolling stock manufacturing company formed from the merger of five manufacturing companies in 1892 . it was detroits largest manufacturer before the rise of the automotive industry . in 1899 , it merged with a dozen other railroad car manufacturing firms to form american car and foundry company .
blue ridge communications is a regional cable television , internet and voice over ip provider that serves much of the poconos area and central pennsylvania in the united states . products available include analog and digital cable television , hd television programming , penteledata broadband internet service , and blue ridge digital phone service .
mitsubishi chemical holdings corporation , is a japanese company formed in october 2005 from the merger of mitsubishi chemical corporation and mitsubishi pharma corporation . the company is based in tokyo and is managed by hitoshi ochi . it is one of the core mitsubishi companies .
dilivre is a french publishing company founded in 2007 and offering services in paris . it is presented as a collaborative publishing platform .
industrial and commercial bank of china limited is a chinese multinational banking company . it is the largest bank in the world by total assets and the most valuable bank in the world by market capitalization since february 2017 . it is one of chinas big four state-owned commercial banks . it was founded as a limited company on january 1 , 1984 .
arasu cable tv is the tamil nadu state government owned cable television network which operated within the state of tamil nadu .
clarke energy is a privately owned multinational company specialising in the sale , engineering , installation and maintenance of power plants that use gas engines . clarke energy is an independent company with its head offices located in knowsley , liverpool and is an authorised distributor and service partner for general electrics jenbacher and waukesha gas engines .
temple hotels inc. is a real estate company that owns hotels primarily on the canadian prairies and far north . it is listed on the toronto stock exchange , and is majority-owned by morguard corporation . most of the companys hotels are located in the fort mcmurray area .
tongaat hulett is an agriculture and agri-processing business , focusing on the complementary feedstocks of sugarcane and maize . the company had its origins on the north coast of kwazulu-natal , specifically the town of tongaat . the company was formed as a result of a merger between the tongaat sugar company founded by edward saunders and huletts sugar founded in 1892 by liege hulett . company stock is listed on the johannesburg securities exchange .
tradecard , inc. was an american software company . its main product , also called tradecard , was a saas collaboration product that was designed to allow companies to manage their extended supply chains including tracking movement of goods and payments .
celestial games is an independent video game development company based in johannesburg , south africa that started in 1994 . they published two pc titles then closed their doors in 2001 . in 2010 they opened the company to work on a hd version of their most successful title , toxic bunny .
alvarion technologies is a global provider of autonomous wi-fi networks designed with self-organizing capabilities , and solutions for carrier wi-fi , enterprise connectivity , smart city , smart hospitality , connected campuses and connected events .
edible arrangements is a u.s.-based franchising business that specializes in fresh fruit arrangements , melding the concept of fruit baskets with designs inspired by the floral business . the company also sells a variety of specialty fruit gift items , such as gift boxes featuring premium chocolate dipped fruit , and fresh-fruit-to-go products .
aconex limited was an asx 200 listed public australian company providing mobile and web-based collaboration technologies for project information and process management , on a software as a service basis , to clients in the construction , infrastructure , power , mining , and oil and gas sectors .
xo communications . xo provides managed and converged internet protocol network services for small and medium-sized enterprises . xo delivers services through a mix of fiber-based ethernet and ethernet over copper .
harry carays italian steakhouse is an american steakhouse chain specializing in steak and italian-american cuisine . the restaurant was established in 1987 in chicagos river north neighborhood , in the former chicago varnish company building , by a partnership between popular chicago cubs broadcaster harry caray and restaurateur grant deporter . it has alternately been described by writers as famed and legendary . harry carays fare includes steaks as well as pastas , salads , and seafood .
the athletic model guild , or amg , was founded by bob mizer in december 1945 . during those post-war years , united states censorship laws allowed women , but not men , to appear in various states of undress in what were referred to as art photographs . mizer began his business by taking pictures of men that he knew . his subjects would often pose for pictures which illustrated fitness tips and the like , but were also viewed as homoerotic material .
carcannon is an automotive inspection and consulting company headquartered in chevy chase , maryland with an office in el segundo , california . carcannon is credited with producing the first national certified consultation process for original equipment manufacturers . the company was founded in 2001 by ron correa .
myrepublic is a multinational internet company headquartered in singapore . the company was formed to leverage singapores next generation nationwide broadband network . since its initial launch in 2011 , the company has expanded to three other countries - australia , new zealand and indonesia . myrepublic primarily offers fibre broadband services in all four countries as well as adsl plans in australia , vdsl services in new zealand , and cable tv packages in indonesia .
the azerbaijan press agency is one of the news agencies in azerbaijan .
juno therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company founded in 2013 through a collaboration of the fred hutchinson cancer research center , memorial sloan-kettering cancer center and pediatrics partner seattle childrens research institute . the company was launched with an initial investment of $ 120 million , with a remit to develop a pipeline of cancer immunotherapy drugs . the company raised $ 300 million through private funding and a further $ 265 million through their ipo .
soma fabrications is a designer and importer of bicycles , frames , parts and accessories based in the san francisco bay area . it was established in 2001 and owned by bicycle parts wholesaler the merry sales co. the soma fabrications brand came about when bradley woehl , owner of american cyclery bicycle shop asked jim porter , president of the merry sales co. if he could uses his sources in taiwan to produce a line of chromoly steel bicycle frames .
algrie ferries or entreprise nationale de transport maritime de voyageurs is a state-owned algerian shipping company . the company operate passenger and freight services between algeria , france and spain .
stratavia , formerly known as extraquest , was a software company that specialized in enterprise database and data center automation , and private cloud computing enablement .
jm productions is a hardcore pornographic film production and distribution company based in chatsworth , california . the studios material is controversial , with its films often featuring erotic humiliation and rough sex . jm has faced legal charges of obscenity in the u.s. , and the studio has also won many adult industry awards .
africell uganda , whose full legal name is africell uganda limited , is an information and communication technology network company in uganda .
pubget corp was a wholly owned subsidiary of copyright clearance center that develops cloud-based search and content access tools for scientists . it provides advertising services , enterprise search services , and a public search engine . the company was founded in 2007 by beth israel hospital clinical pathologist , ramy arnaout , out of his own need to find papers .
rabigh refining & petrochemical company is a saudi arabia-based company which produces and markets refined hydrocarbon and petrochemicals . the company was a joint venture between saudi aramco and sumitomo chemical which is now publicly held . it is traded on the saudi stock exchange . petro rabighs operates a 400,000-barrel capacity refinery located in rabigh , saudi arabia , which produces naphtha , kerosene , gasoline , diesel and fuel oil .
aztar corporation was a hospitality company based in phoenix , arizona , focused on resort hotels and casinos . in 2005 , the company had revenues of more than $ 915 million and earnings before interest and taxes of $ 212 million . during 2006 the company became the subject of a bidding war for ownership , with columbia sussex winning .
xpax , launched in 2004 , is celcom axiata berhads line of prepaid mobile plan . as of december 2017 , it served over 6.72 million subscribers , it comprises the majority of celcoms 9.56 million total subscriber base .
norsk hydro asa is a norwegian aluminium and renewable energy company , headquartered in oslo . it is one of the largest aluminium companies worldwide . it has operations in some 50 countries around the world and is active on all continents . the norwegian state owns 34.3 % of the company through the ministry of trade , industry and fisheries . a further 6.5 % is owned by folketrygdfond , which administers the government pension fund of norway .
bolsa de valores de la repblica dominicana is the only stock exchange in the dominican republic , basically performing a transaction regulation function . it began operations in 1991 and is viewed as a cornerstone of the countrys integration into the global economy and domestic development . it is also one of the most active stock exchanges in latin america . the bvrd operates monday through friday from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
jerusalem venture partners is an international venture capital firm founded in 1993 . the fund specializes in investments in startup companies , focusing on digital media , enterprise software , semiconductors , storage and cyber security , having raised close to a billion us dollars across nine funds . jvp is headquartered in the jvp media quarter in jerusalem with offices in beer sheva , new york city and paris .
coca-cola beverages africa is a company that was formed in 2014 from the merger of sabmiller plc , the coca-cola company and gutsche family investments beverage bottling operations in southern and east africa .
bordens ice cream is a historic ice cream parlor on johnston street in lafayette , louisiana , which was built in 1940 . in 1981 , the then owner , lifelong lafayette resident flora levy , died . her will stipulated a large bequest to the university of louisiana lafayettes foundation the ice cream parlor was part of that bequest . the foundation held title to the building , and rented the space to the manager who continued to operate the business .
the atlantic pilotage authority canada is a crown corporation of the government of canada , which was established as a result of recommendations made by the royal commission on pilotage in canada , by the pilotage act , section 18 , on february 1 , 1972 mandated to assist in pilotage in all canadian waters in and around the provinces of new brunswick , prince edward island , nova scotia and newfoundland and labrador .
kavim is an israeli bus company . it was founded in 2000 and provided lines in the eastern gush dan region - the towns/cities kiryat ono , petah tikva , or yehuda , givatayim and others . in february 2005 , kavim expanded to the north , where it started providing bus lines in afula , bet shean and the nazareth area . in 2006 , more routes are planned in petah tikva and rosh haayin . many of kavims current routes were transferred from the dan bus company .
waco classic aircraft corporation , founded in 1983 as the classic aircraft corporation and located in battle creek , michigan , is a manufacturer of general aviation airplanes . waco classic aircraft builds , in relatively small numbers , a three-seat biplane , the waco classic ymf , based upon the original manufacturing plans which were filed by waco with the library of congress and thus available .
haymarket media group is a privately held media company headquartered in london . it has publications in the consumer , business and customer sectors , both print and online . it operates exhibitions allied to its own publications , and previously on behalf of organisations such as the bbc . the company has expanded outside the uk in 1999 .
ot africa line was a specialist shipping line exclusively serving routes between europe and west africa . otal work exclusively in the transportation industry , operating a line of container and roro vessels . it ceased trading in june 2011 when the brand was assimilated under the delmas banner . otal , like delmas , was a subsidiary of the cma cgm group , the third largest shipping company in the world .
the mitchells fish market is an american seafood restaurant chain founded in 1998 by restaurateur cameron mitchell of columbus , ohio . starting from a single location opened in 1998 in columbus called the columbus fish market , by 2006 , the chain had 12 locations . the chain formed part of the cameron mitchell restaurants group until 2008 , when the then-22 unit chain , including 19 fish market units , was sold to ruths chris steak house for $ 92 million .
baha mar is a 1,000-acre resort complex on the island of new providence in the bahamas , close to its capital nassau . owned by hong kong-based chow tai fook enterprises , the establishment opened in april 2017 .
algosec is a provider of software for network security policy management , also known as firewall policy management . algosecs products automate the management and enforcement of security policies across firewalls , routers , virtual private networks , and related security devices .
the morse dry dock and repair company was a major late 19th/early 20th century ship repair and conversion facility located in new york city . begun in the 1880s as a small shipsmithing business known as the morse iron works , the company grew to be one of americas largest ship repair and refit facilities , at one time owning the worlds largest floating dry dock .
imc , sometimes referred to as imc trading , is one of the worlds most active proprietary trading firms and a key market maker in various products listed on exchanges throughout the world . founded in 1989 , as international marketmakers combination , the company employs over 500 people and has offices located in amsterdam , new york city , chicago and sydney .
beaujon aircraft , also known as beaujon ultralights , is an american aircraft design company , located in ardmore , oklahoma .
the golden spike company was an american space transport startup active from 20102013 . the company was chartered for business in colorado with the objective to offer private commercial space transportation services to the surface of the moon . the name of the company is in reference to the ceremonial final spike placed in the first transcontinental railroad upon its completion . the companys internet site was taken offline in september 2015 .
the agassiz brewing company was a canadian brewery , founded by former fort garry brewing company brewmaster gary de pape . the company was established in 1998 in winnipeg , manitoba and based there until 2010 . it was named for the prehistoric glacial lake agassiz which once covered much of manitoba . agassiz beer was available in manitoba , saskatchewan , ontario , and british columbia .
trango virtual processors was founded in 2004 by pierre coulombeau and fabrice devaux as a subsidiary of elsys design group . trangos purpose was to develop a real-time mobile hypervisor . it was acquired by vmware in october 2008 .
fast retailing co. , ltd. is a public japanese retail holding company . in addition to its primary subsidiary uniqlo , it owns several other brands , including j brand , comptoir des cotonniers , g.u. , princesse tam-tam , and theory .
royal air maroc , more commonly known as ram , is the moroccan national carrier , as well as the countrys largest airline . ram is fully owned by the government of morocco , and has its headquarters on the grounds of casablanca-anfa airport .
transfesa is a transport company based in madrid , spain .
miramar hotel and investment company limited is a group with a diversified service-oriented business portfolio comprising hotels and serviced apartments , property rental , food and beverage , and travel services in hong kong and mainland china . miramar group has been listed on the hong kong stock exchange since 1970 and is a member of henderson land group .
network twentyone , is a training and support organization for distributors working with the amway business . it was founded in 1990 by jim and nancy dornan , distributors with amway , originally to support their amway network in the united states and australia .
tescan , a.s. is a czech republic company founded in 1991 by several r & d and service engineers from a former and now non-existing company , tesla brno . its headquarters is located in brno , czech republic , moreover brno is considered as traditional city where electron microscopy was and now still is located . tescans line of products is mainly focused on scanning electron microscopes from a wide range of thermal emission systems , lab6 systems , and field emission systems to dual beam systems .
venom games limited was a british video game developer based in newcastle upon tyne , england . the company was established on 22 january 2003 as successor to the previously closed rage newcastle , a studio of rage games , and headed by peter johnson as studio head . in 2004 , the company was acquired by take-two interactive . the deals negotiations were handled by law firm weightmans .
rodale , inc. was an american publisher of health and wellness magazines , books , and digital properties . rodale is headquartered in emmaus , pennsylvania and maintains a satellite office in new york city . it publishes health and wellness lifestyle magazines , including mens health and prevention . the company has published a collection of bestsellers , including an inconvenient truth and eat this , not that .
the brewers art is a baltimore , maryland brewpub and restaurant that opened on friday , september 13 , 1996 . in 2008 , it was named by esquire magazine as the # 1 best bar in america . the establishment covers two floors : the ground level floor contains a bar and dining room , and the lower level floor contains a smaller bar serving drinks and pub fare as well as multiple small cavernous rooms with tables for eating .
somenos tofu co. , ltd. is a manufacturer of tofu and eco-friendly soy-based foods located in chuo ward , tokyo . it has six retail outlets and operates a fleet of 130 sales trucks in the kanto and tokai regions of japan .
carl walther gmbh sportwaffen , or simply walther , is a german weapon manufacturer , and a subsidiary of the pw group . founded by carl walther in 1886 , the company has manufactured firearms and air guns at its facility in germany for more than 100 years . walther arms , inc. is the united states representative for walther business and is located in fort smith , arkansas .
fox networks group benelux is a subsidiary of the fox networks group , which is a part of rupert murdochs global media conglomerate 21st century fox .
santen pharmaceutical co. , ltd. , is japanese pharmaceutical company , specializing in ophthalmology and rheumatology medicines . with its ophthalmic products santen holds the top share within the japanese market and is one of the leading ophthalmic companies worldwide , with its products being sold in over 50 countries . the company was founded in 1890 by kenkichi taguchi , as taguchi santendo , and in 1925 , santendo co. , ltd. was established .
living videotext was a software development company founded by dave winer in 1983 . its slogan was we make shitty software ... with bugs ! , although the slogan was never publicly run in an ad . the company was founded to sell an outliner product called thinktank for the apple ii . this product was based on ideas that winer had been developing for a few years since university .
hh-ferries was a shipping company which trafficked the busy helsingr - helsingborg route during the later part of the 1990s and during most of the 2000s . it merged with scandlines around 2010 .
aladdin knowledge systems was a company that produced software for digital rights management and internet security . the company was acquired by safenet inc , in 2009 . its corporate headquarters are located in belcamp . md.
zamtel , whose official name is zambia telecommunications company limited , is a government-owned telecommunication service provider in zambia . zamtel is one of three mobile phone networks in the country the others are airtel and mtn .
atlas elektronik is a naval/marine electronics and systems business based in bremen , germany . it is involved in the development of integrated sonar systems for submarines and heavyweight torpedoes . the company was a subsidiary of bae systems until december 2005 , when it was sold to thyssenkrupp and eads.atlas elektronik became a wholly owned subsidiary of thyssenkrupp marine systems in 2017 .
energyaustralia was a stateowned enterprise of the government of new south wales , australia . it was electricity and gas supplier and retailer which primarily supplied the sydney , newcastle and central coast areas of new south wales . since market deregulation , it increased its focus on retail supply opportunities in electricity and gas to the victorian market and electricity in the deregulated southeast corner of queensland .
the alonzo king lines ballet is an american contemporary ballet company based in the san francisco bay area . the ballet company , founded by choreographer alonzo king , premiered at san francisco state universitys mckenna theatre in 1982 .
force protection , inc. was a manufacturer of ballistic - and blast-protected vehicles from the united states which have been used in iraq , afghanistan , kosovo and other hot spots around the world . the company was acquired by general dynamics in 2011 .
fm center is a radio network in venezuela based on caracas . it was founded by rodolfo rodrguez garca and is the largest radio network of that country , owning 64 fm and am radio stations nationwide and one internet-based . it is divided into three sub-networks : am center , circuito la romntica and circuito fiesta . fm center also delivers other radio services as news and the popular traffic report with alejandro caizales aboard a red bell ranger helicopter , traffic center .
p2i is a nanotechnology development company that works with manufacturers to produce liquid repellent nano-coating protection to products for the electronics , lifestyle , life sciences , filtration and energy , and military and institutional sectors . the company was established in 2004 to commercialize technologies developed by the uk mods defense science and technology laboratory .
noodle kidoodle was a united states retail chain that sold educational toys from 1993-2000 . the companys slogan was kids learn best when theyre having fun ! . the chain operated stores in new york , new jersey , connecticut , massachusetts , new hampshire , michigan , illinois , kansas , nebraska and texas . the company was founded by stanley greenman , who has previously operated large-store chains such as circus world , play world and playland , through his family business greenman bros. inc.
the danfoss group is a global producer of products and services used in areas such as cooling food , air conditioning , heating buildings , controlling electric motors , compressors , drives and powering mobile machinery . the company is also active in the field of solar and wind power as well as district heating and cooling infrastructure that targets entire cities and urban communities . danfoss employs approximately 24,000 people worldwide with its headquarters in nordborg , denmark .
lane crawford is a retail company with specialty stores selling designer label luxury goods in hong kong and china . founded in hong kong in 1850 , lane crawford has more than 585,000 square feet of total retail space , including several physical locations throughout china , as well as an online store .
langham hospitality group is a luxury hotels operator . the oldest hotel in its portfolio , the langham , london , originally opened in 1865 as europes first grand hotel . today , the group covers four continents , with projects located in cities and resorts around the world , including auckland , bahamas , bangkok , beijing , boston , guangzhou , hong kong , jakarta , london , los angeles , melbourne , phuket , pune , samui , shanghai and shenzhen .
pacific comics was an independent comic book publisher that flourished from 1981-1984 . it was also a chain of comics shops and a distributor . it began out of a san diego , california , comic book shop owned by brothers bill and steve schanes .
sundnes brenneri is a norwegian potato processing plant and distillery located in indery . it produces akvavit , potato chips , potato starch flour and mashed potatoes . the plant was started in 1844 , four years before private destilling was banned . it is part of the hoff norske potetindustrier agricultural cooperative . the akvavit production was covered by the import of caraway from eastern europe until 1989 when farmers in indery started caraway production .
vietnam asset management is a fund management company founded in 2006 by john lyn , nguyn xun minh and nguyen hoai thu . they are currently key managers of vam . vam is domiciled in the british virgin islands , the united kingdom as a limited liability company . vam has a liaison office in singapore and a representative office in ho chi minh city , vietnam .
islabikes is a manufacturer of bicycles , primarily for children . the business is located in bromfield , near ludlow in shropshire , england . it was founded in 2005 by competitive cyclist isla rowntree , initially located at claverley in east shropshire until it moved in 2010 . in november 2014 the company employed 40 people . islabikes is known to produce very light bikes where all components are designed for children .
la colombe coffee roasters is a us coffee roaster and retailer headquartered in philadelphia . the company currently has cafs in philadelphia , new york , washington , boston , chicago , and los angeles . la colombe is representative of roasters that originated in the third wave of coffee , and was one of the early pioneers of direct trade coffee sourcing .
j is the tenth letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . its normal name in english is jay or , now uncommonly , jy . when used for the palatal approximant , it may be called yod or yot .
bookpeople was an employee-owned and operated book wholesaler and distributor based in the san francisco bay area . it operated from 1969-2003 . bookpeople was one of the major forces behind the renaissance of independent publishing that occurred during this period . . the business provided a wide range of hard-to-find titles to bookstores throughout the u.s. and the world . it also played a major role in the development of new age and radical political publishing and bookselling .
hbg holdings is a special situations private equity firm with strong investor relationships in persian gulf countries . founded in 2004 , hbg invests in special situations and business turnarounds . hbg is a strategic shareholder in the rasmala group .
eko is an italian manufacturer of electric guitars , acoustic guitars and similar instruments , catering to professional level and manufacturing largely for export . it is located in recanati , marche .
magnet bank or magnet magyar kzssgi bank zrt . is the only community bank in hungary that practises ethical banking . it is owned by hungarian citizens . magnet bank as a commercial bank has total assets of eur 0.4 billion . magnet bank has a network of 12 branches along its center in the capital budapest . it offers the following financial products : retail , loan , term deposits , community banking products , netbanking , debit card , insurance .
telenet group is the largest provider of cable broadband services in belgium . its business comprises the provision of analog and digital cable television , fixed and mobile telephone services , primarily to residential customers in flanders and brussels . in addition , telenet offers services to business customers all across belgium and in luxembourg under its brand telenet solutions . since 11 october 2005 , telenet has been listed on the euronext stock exchange under the ticker tnet .
cbre group , inc. is the largest commercial real estate services and investment firm in the world . it is based in los angeles , california and operates more than 450 offices worldwide and has clients in more than 100 countries . services provided by the company include facilities management services to occupiers of commercial real estate as well as property management , leasing , capital markets , appraisal , and brokerage services to owners of commercial real estate .
cudahy packing company was an american meat packing company established in 1887 as the armour-cudahy packing company and incorporated in maine in 1915 . the cudahy meatpacking business was acquired by bar-s foods company in 1981 .
hanjin heavy industry co. ltd. is a korean shipbuilding company , founded in 1937 . it is a multinational company , and is an affiliate of the hanjin group .
the grimaldi group is a private shipping company owned by guido grimaldi and based in naples , italy . grimaldi operates a large fleet of ro-ro vessels .
suntory holdings limited is a japanese brewing and distilling company group . established in 1899 , it is one of the oldest companies in the distribution of alcoholic beverages in japan , and makes japanese whisky . its business has expanded to other fields , and the company now also makes soft drinks and operates sandwich chains .
ptt global chemical public company limited is a subsidiary of ptt public company limited . it was founded on 19 october 2011 through the amalgamation of ptt chemical public company limited and ptt aromatics and refining public company limited to be the chemical flagship of ptt group .
the bon apptit management company is a palo alto , california-based on-site restaurant company , that provides caf and catering services to corporations , colleges and universities . the company operates over 500 cafes in 32 states . it was purchased by compass group in 2002 . princeton review has named bon apptit the no. 1 college food service in the country for several years .
northern powergrid holdings company is an electrical distribution company based in newcastle upon tyne in england . it is the owner of northern powergrid limited -RRB- and northern powergrid plc -RRB- which are the distribution network operators for the north east england and yorkshire regions .
hdnet fights was a us based television outlet for various mma and combat sports promotions . its broadcast lineup included dream , sengoku , k-1 , strikeforce , adrenaline mma , m-1 global , ring of honor , maximum fighting championship , affliction entertainment , urban conflict championship , bamma , xfc , superior challenge , cfa , titan fighting championships and the now defunct ifl among others . as of february 19 , 2010 , it has promoted two events of its own and broadcast 60 events by other promotions .
rural transit of mindanao incorporated is a bus line under the umbrella of yanson group of bus companies . it operates bus transport services in the northern and western part of mindanao , with its headquarters in cagayan de oro . its bases are located in bulua and yacapin , pagadian , and dipolog .
qnap systems , inc. is a taiwanese corporation that specializes in providing networked solutions for file sharing , virtualization , storage management and surveillance applications to address corporate , smb , soho and home user needs .
italian cricket federation is the governing body for the sport of cricket within italy . they are responsible , with assistance from the european cricket council , for the development and administration of the game within italy , and the selection of the italian national cricket team . the italian cricket federation also runs an academy for youth development located 180 km north of rome , at grosseto cricket club .
digital anvil was a computer game company . it was founded in 1996 , when wing commander creator chris roberts left origin systems , inc. , along with marten davies , erin roberts , eric peterson , tony zurovec and many other employees . their first game to be released was starlancer , developed together with warthog games .
intel irelands parent company the giant u.s.-based intel microprocessor business is a public company trading on the nasdaq exchange . intel decided in 1989 to build its european manufacturing operations in leixlip , county kildare , and formed intel ireland to be the holding company on september 29 , 1989 . the manufacturing plant manufactured its first chip in 1993 . to base its european operations in ireland , intel received over ire87m in grants from ida ireland .
the history of cantieri di pisa began in 1945 pisa . the company became famous during the 1960s and 1970s when it began deloping a particular line of yachts with names inspired by celestial constellations : pegasus , saturno , jupiter , polaris and kitalpha . an additional model , the akhir , quickly become the companys iconic vessel and helped make the cantieri di pisa name famous all over the world . in 2015 was acquired by mondomarine .
zwack is a budapest , hungary based company that makes liqueurs and spirits . the company produces an 80 proof herbal liqueur known as unicum from a secret blend of more than forty different herbs and spices . unicum is known as one of the national drinks of hungary . the company is also a distributor of a range of international brands such as johnnie walker , baileys , smirnoff , hennessy and gordons . zwack has been listed on the budapest stock exchange since 1993 .
endurance international group , formerly bizland , is a web hosting company . the company was founded in 1997 , and is headquartered in burlington , massachusetts . it achieved its size by acquiring a large number of smaller companies , which it continues to operate under the original brand names . in 2011 , endurance was bought from accel-kkr by warburg pincus and gs capital partners , for around $ 975 million . in september 2013 , the company announced plans to raise $ 400 million in an ipo .
vie at home , formerly the virgin cosmetics company and virgin vie at home , was a retailer and distributor of cosmetics . the company was formed as the virgin cosmetics company by mark and liz warom with the backing of the virgin group in 1997 , and was renamed virgin vie at home in 2006 . vie at home specialised in the direct selling of make up , skin care , body care , jewellery and homeware .
jordan ceramic industries is a manufacturing company in jordan . it was founded in 1966 and is based in zarka and amman . jordan ceramic produces floor and wall tiles , and vitreous sanitary ware , i.e. toilets , sinks and showers . it operates 3 factories it produces 2.5 million square meters of tile and 4000 tons of sanitary ware per year . the stock of jordan ceramic is listed on the amman stock exchanges ase weighted index .
the trumpf group is a german family-owned company with its head office in ditzingen near stuttgart . trumpf is one of the worlds biggest providers of machine tools . with more than 70 operative subsidiaries , the trumpf group is represented in all important markets worldwide . its production facilities are based in china , germany , france , the uk , italy , japan , mexico , austria , poland , switzerland , the czech republic and the usa .
the sony pictures entertainment motion picture group is a division of sony pictures entertainment to manage its motion picture operations . it was launched in 1998 by integrating businesses of columbia pictures industries , inc. and tristar pictures , inc.
coffeeshop company is an austrian family enterprise and part of the schrf group of companies . it has specialized in the production of high quality espresso coffee from highland arabica coffee beans . coffeeshop company operates as a franchise based system of coffee shops in armenia , austria , azerbaijan , bulgaria , germany , hungary , iran , czech republic , slovakia , poland , turkey , morocco , egypt , united states , russia , slovenia , croatia , macedonia mexico .
braums is an american family-owned restaurant chain based in tuttle , oklahoma .
bubble studios is a russian motion picture studio based in saint petersburg and is a subsidiary of news media holdings , with film producer vladimir besedin serving as president . dedicated to producing films based on bubble comics characters , the studio is involving in a bubble-character film franchise major grom . currently , bubble studios has released one film , and they are planning on producing of films that will share continuity with each other , based on their own comic characters .
hamburger flugzeugbau was an aircraft manufacturer , located primarily in the finkenwerder quarter of hamburg , germany . established in 1933 as an offshoot of blohm & voss shipbuilders , it later became an operating division within its parent company and was known as abteilung flugzeugbau der schiffswerft blohm & voss from 1937 until it ceased operation at the end of world war ii .
muhlenberg greene architects , ltd. is a full-service architecture firm , in continuous operation since 1920 , and was one of the predominant architecture/engineering firms in reading , pennsylvania , during the first half of the 20th century . muhlenberg greene architects was originally established in 1920 as frederick a. muhlenberg , registered architect .
bassivity music is a serbian music label specialized in hip hop with headquarters in belgrade .
texas de brazil is a family owned churrascaria restaurant chain with locations both internationally and domestically . it debuted october 13 , 1998 in addison , texas , a suburb of dallas . the restaurant is a brazilian-american churrascaria , or steakhouse that combines the cuisines of southern brazil with texan style meats . customers turn a piece of paper green side up to get meat , or red side up to no longer receive meat .
furch guitars is a czech guitar manufacturer founded in 1981 by frantisek furch . furch began making his own instruments as he had no access to quality ones . starting under czechoslovakian socialist rule , he originally hid his craft from officials . as restrictions eased in 1987 , his instruments became available publicly . the factory is currently in the town of velk nmice , czech republic . furch guitars have been re-branded under the name stonebridge for sale in north america .
atod ab/lg software ab was a video game developer located in helsingborg , sweden . it was established in 1987 and formally incorporated as company in 1992 by the game development duo christofer nilsson and thomas liljetoft and active until 2003 when it was merged with british game developer warthog games and renamed to warthog sweden . in may 2006 , the company was acquired by british publisher and developer eidos interactive .
robinsons brewery is a family-run , regional brewery , founded in 1849 at the unicorn inn in stockport , england . the company owns more than 300 public houses , mostly in north west england alongside several managed houses .
handxon s.a. is a haitian technology company headquartered in ption-ville , haiti . it designs , develops , and sells computer hardware and consumer electronics , most notably , tablet computers .
j.crew group , inc. , is an american multi-brand , multi-channel , specialty retailer . the company offers an assortment of womens , mens and childrens apparel and accessories , including swimwear , outerwear , loungewear , wedding , bags , sweaters , denim , dresses , suiting , jewelry , and shoes . as of august 2016 , it operates more than 450 retail stores throughout the united states . the company conducts its business through retail , factory , crewcuts , madewell stores , catalogs and online .
wharton econometric forecasting associates , inc was a world-leading economics forecasting and consulting organisation founded by nobel prize winner dr. lawrence r. klein . wefa inc was a spinoff of the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania , where klein taught .
r is the 18th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
virgin limited edition , part of sir richard bransons virgin group of business ventures , is a collection of holiday retreats around the world . the sites are selected for their prime locations and attractive surroundings .
amelia island plantation is a luxury resort community located on amelia island , florida , the westernmost barrier island on the atlantic ocean in the u.s. the resorts tennis facility hosted the bausch & lomb championships , a major womens tennis association tournament , for 20 years . the 404-room hotel on the property is now part of omni hotels & resorts .
bristow helicopters limited is a british civil helicopter operator originally based at aberdeen airport , scotland which is now part of the u.s.-based bristow group which in turn has its corporate headquarters in houston , texas . bristow helicopters limited holds a united kingdom civil aviation authority type a operating licence , it is permitted to carry passengers , cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 seats or more .
bourne & hollingsworth group is a london-based group , which owns a number of entertainment venues and events in the city . the first london venue was bourne & hollingsworth bar , which opened in 2007 . the group has other large events partnerships with secret cinema and with the tweed run . it also managed the chap olympiad for a number of years .
segesa is the national electricity company of equatorial guinea , with its head offices in malabo , equatorial guinea . it is the sole operator of the electricity sector of equatorial guinea . the company was created in november 2001 by a merger of the national rural electrification company soner and the national electricity corporation energe .
sema group plc was an anglo-french it services company . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index . it was acquired by schlumberger in 2001 .
citistore limited -RRB- or citistore is a department store company in hong kong . it is a wholly owned subsidiary of henderson land development , a flagship enterprise owned by dr. lee shau kee . established in 1989 , it has branches in tsuen wan , yuen long , ma on shan , tseung kwan o and tai kok tsui , and two id : c where is a new domain for young generation . the main customers of citistore are young people in middle income group .
septodont is a french pharmaceutical and medical device company mainly dedicated to developing , manufacturing and distributing dental consumables . it is headquartered in saint-maur-des-fosss .
ellinair is a greek airline headquartered in thessaloniki operating scheduled and charter flights .
victorsfood is a food experience business based in australia , created by victor pisapia in 2007 . the company provides a number of food and cooking based experiences such as team building events , corporate wellness sessions , cooking classes , cooking parties as well as international food tours , regional australian food tours and market tours .
musafir.com is an internet-based travel agency , based in sharjah , united arab emirates and mumbai , india . the company was founded by sheikh mohammed bin abdulla al thani , sachin gadoya and albert dias in the uae in august 2007 . the site was inaugurated in the uae by sheikh mohammed bin abdulla al thani in april 2009 and in india by sachin tendulkar in october 2013 . over the last few years , the company has expanded into various markets such as india , qatar and saudi arabia .
sony mobile communications inc. is a multinational telecommunications company founded on october 1 , 2001 as a joint venture between sony and ericsson , headquartered in tokyo , japan and wholly owned by sony . sony ericsson was headquartered in hammersmith , london .
companhia brasileira de cartuchos is one of the largest ammunition manufacturers in the world . it is based in ribeiro pires , so paulo , brazil .
celebration cruise line was a small cruise line that operated two-day voyages out of port of palm beach to grand bahama island . the company was founded in late 2008 , and began operations on march 9 , 2009 . the company moved the ships operations from port everglades to the port of palm beach in march 2010 .
ospina coffee was established in colombia , by don mariano ospina rodrguez in 1835 . ospina rodrguez was one of the pioneers of coffee growing in colombia and in guatemala .
marina food is an asian american supermarket chain located in the san francisco bay area . marina food has several locations in cities such as cupertino , san mateo , and the warm springs district of fremont . it may be considered a taiwanese-american market , as significant amounts of products are imported from taiwan .
neon alley was an american digital anime service run by viz media . the service began as a 24-hour web channel dedicated to showing english dubbed anime series in uncut and uncensored formats . it later evolved into a hulu-based streaming site , showcasing both dubbed and subtitled releases . neon alleys programming was streamed through hulu , which is available on playstation 3 , xbox 360 , pc , mac , and other platforms .
the international capital market association or icma is a self-regulatory organization and trade association for participants in the capital markets . despite the name suggesting a global outlook , it has a european focus . icma stated aims are to promote high standards of market practice , appropriate regulation , trade support , education and communication . it produces standard documentation for transactions such as equity and debt issuance and repos .
td canada trust is the personal , small business and commercial banking operation of the toronto-dominion bank in canada . td canada trust offers a range of financial services and products to more than 10 million canadian customers through more than 1,100 branches and 2,600 green machine atms .
hoshino impul co. , ltd. , is a japanese automotive aftermarket company based in setagaya-ku , tokyo . founded by nissans factory driver , kazuyoshi hoshino , the company exclusively produces aftermarket parts for nissans , such as bodykits , engine components as well as wheels .
schlaich bergermann partner is a nationally and internationally active structural engineering and consulting firm with headquarters in stuttgart , germany and branch offices in berlin , new york city , so paulo , shanghai and paris .
kinross gold corporation is a canadian-based gold and silver mining company founded in 1993 and headquartered in toronto , canada . kinross currently operates nine active gold mines and was ranked by stash investments , llc as the sixth largest gold producer in the world for 2018 , based on the companys 2017 revenues . in 2016 , kinross produced 2.78 million ounces of gold . the companys mines are located in brazil , ghana , mauritania , russia and the united states .
mondomarine is a shipyard active in ship building and repairing based in savona , focused on designing , engineering and building custom made yachts over 40 meters in aluminium alloy and steel .
morphosys ag is a german biotechnology company . it is involved in the development and research of antibodies . tecdax has listed morphosys since 2004 .
telecinco cinema , s.a.u. is a spanish film production company owned by mediaset espaa comunicacin . it produces both feature films and television films .
medirect bank malta is a maltese bank and financial services company with headquarters in sliema . founded in 2004 as mediterranean bank , it was licensed by the malta financial services authority in 2005 . mediterranean bank however struggled to fully maximise the potential of its business model , which was that of an offshore bank , especially in view of malta joining the european union . four years later , in 2009 , it was acquired by anacap financial partners in a bid to revitalise it .
white stag is an in-store brand of womens clothing and accessories sold by walmart . founded as a skiwear manufacturer in portland , oregon , the company was purchased by the warnaco group in 1966 , which in turn sold the brand to wal-mart in 2003 .
fitzroy dearborn was an american publisher of academic library reference titles with offices in london and chicago . it was acquired by taylor & francis as an imprint of routledge reference in 2002 , before taylor & francis merged with informa . at the time of its sale , the company had a backlist of 350 titles .
hum films is a film production and distribution company based in karachi , pakistan , working under the hum network group . it was launched in september 2014 , with setting a film na maloom afraad to release domestically on october 5 , 2014 . the second film , banner released was a romance bin roye on july 18 , 2015 .
conrad gargett is an australian architectural practice , founded in brisbane in 1890 and is one of queenslands oldest architectural firms . the practice operates out of studios in brisbane , sydney and townsville .
celtic link ferries was an irish ferry company which used to operate a passenger and freight roll-on/roll-off service between rosslare and cherbourg . celtic link ferries ceased operating in february 2014 with stena line taking over their route .
the marketplace limited is a grocery store chain in bermuda . as of 2011 the chain had eight locations . the corporate headquarters is located within the chains hamilton marketplace location , the largest grocery store in bermuda . the marketplace caters to both bermuda residents and to vacationers . the chain was founded by the crisson family in 1939 , and was originally called piggly wiggly limited , with each store having the name piggly wiggly .
o boticrio is the second biggest brazilian cosmetic company . it has 4,070 stores in brazil , portugal , mexico , bolivia , peru , united states , paraguay , japan , france and venezuela . o boticrio is the largest cosmetic franchise in the world . the main competitors of the company are natura , avon products and jequiti .
toyota motor manufacturing , alabama , inc. is a car and truck engine factory near huntsville , alabama , united states . it is owned and operated by toyota motor corporation of japan . construction of the factory was completed in 2003 .
iberia , legally incorporated as iberia , lneas areas de espaa , s.a. operadora , sociedad unipersonal , is the flag carrier airline of spain , founded in 1927 . based in madrid , it operates an international network of services from its main base of madrid-barajas airport . iberia , with iberia regional and with iberia express , is a part of iberia group .
the national crime scene cleanup association is an american company , that is owned by prestige worldwide group , that provides crime scene cleanup , hoarding cleanup , trauma cleanup , unattended death cleanup , as well as various types of remediation services , such as mold , tear gas , or methamphetamine laboratories . their crime scene cleaners are licensed professionals .
jay jacobs was a clothing retailer based in downtown seattle , washington , founded in 1941 by its namesake jay jacobs . it specialized in trendy clothing for teens , mainly targeting girls .
dell comics was the comic book publishing arm of dell publishing , which got its start in pulp magazines . it published comics from 1929 to 1974 . at its peak , it was the most prominent and successful american company in the medium . in 1953 dell claimed to be the worlds largest comics publisher , selling 26 million copies each month .
discovery networks benelux is a branch of discovery networks international responsible for channels in the netherlands and belgium . discovery networks benelux operates discovery , animal planet , tlc , eurosport 1 , eurosport 2 and investigation discovery in the region with local advertising , sponsorship , programming and the use of the local language either dubbed or subtitled .
sipa press is a french photo agency based in paris .
goodman fielder is a joint hong kong/singapore-owned manufacturer , marketer and distributor of bread , small goods , dairy products , margarine , oil , dressings and various food ingredients . its main operations are in new zealand , australia , fiji , papua new guinea , and new caledonia , with over 40 manufacturing sites . the company employs over 5,000 people , and has more than 120 brands .
reece limited is an australian publicly - quoted company , primarily held by private individuals , and the countrys largest supplier of plumbing and bathroom supplies . in 1919 , harold joseph reece started selling hardware products from the back of his truck . now there are over 450 stores in australia employing over 4,000 people . the company is 70 % owned by leslie alan wilson , the executive chairman , and his brothers bruce and john .
takarkbank is a banking and financial services corporation in hungary and it is the central institution for more than 60 co-operative banks and their 1,100 branch offices . takarkbank consolidates its co-operative banks and forms the takark group , which is the fourth largest bank in hungary by aum of 1,889 billion hungarian forint . since its inception in 1989 , takarkbank functions both as a central institution and as a corporate and investment bank .
elcoteq se was a finnish consumer electronics contract manufacturer , ems , and odm company headquartered in luxembourg . the company filed for bankruptcy protection in luxembourg on october 6 , 2011 . it was a manufacturer of the blackberry and also performed repair and refurbishment services .
mead johnson nutrition is a leading manufacturer of infant formula both domestically and globally with its flagship product enfamil . the company dates back to a firm created by edward mead johnson , one of the co-founders of johnson & johnson , who created his own business in 1895 , which was renamed mead johnson & company in 1905 . the company was majority owned by bristol-myers squibb after an acquisition in 1967 , but was spun off in 2009 as an independent firm .
for the television network known as asia vision , see asia vision . urban vision entertainment inc. was an american-based production/distribution company created in los angeles , california formed in july 1996 by mataichiro yamamoto to help introduce the animation medium known as anime to the american mainstream .
tr property investment trust is a large british investment trust dedicated to investments in the property sector . established in 1905 , the company is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
goodstart early learning is australias largest early learning provider . formed in 2010 by a syndicate of charities , goodstart is a not-for-profit organisation that currently has 649 child care centres around australia . goodstarts head office is located in brisbane , australia , in the suburb of murarrie . across australia , approximately 70,000 children attend goodstart early learning centres . goodstart currently employs more than 13,000 staff members .
servis industries limited is a pakistani public limited company and a group of companies with its head-office in lahore , pakistan . the companys factories are located in the pakistani city of gujrat and muridke . the company had humble beginnings in 1941 . company is now producing only rubber materials . servis shoes is a shoe manufacturing company and servis tyres is a tire manufacturing company working under the servis industries limited .
open-silicon is a semiconductor solutions company founded in 2003 to provide traditional asic design , derivative and platform socs , and production handoffs where open-silicon provides manufacturing operations .
ipjsc ingosstrakh is one of the major insurance companies of russia , insurance public joint-stock company . headquartered in moscow , russia . ingosstrakh is the legal successor of the chief agency of foreign insurance of the ussr founded in 1947 . in 1972 transformed to the stock company and in 1992 it went private .
active network , llc , is an american multinational corporation headquartered in dallas , texas , that provides software as a service for activity and participant management . actives management software supports a range of clients including : races , recreation , outdoor activities , camps , sports , schools , skiing services and attractions .
azaleos corporation was a seattle-based american corporation . founded in 2004 by roger gerdes and keith mccall . azaleos provided remote management for microsoft exchange , microsoft sharepoint and microsoft lync .
sears roebuck de mxico is a department store chain located in mexico , operating more than 75 stores all over mexico . sears mxico is operated by grupo carso .
adk corporation , formerly known as alpha denshi corporation -LRB- -RRB- , was a japanese video game production company throughout the 1980s and 90s . adk began as a developer of arcade games but is best known for their library of snk neo geo titles , mainly produced in the 1990s in partnership with snk . most notable among these are their fighting games and in particular , the world heroes series . the company closed with properties sold to snk playmore in 2003 .
nimia , founded in 2013 by zachary mcintosh and eric harrison , is a technology company specializing in video licensing , management , and distribution related products and services . these include a stock footage marketplace and digital asset management software .
restaurant brands new zealand limited , trading as restaurant brands is a new zealand fast food company . restaurant brands operates and owns the master franchising rights for the carls jr. , kfc , pizza hut , and starbucks brands in new zealand . restaurant brands operates most of new zealands stores for the brands they own rights to and provides management and support services to new zealands independent franchisees of the remaining stores .
rough brothers , inc. is a privately held greenhouse manufacturing and restoration company based in cincinnati , ohio . founded in 1932 , rough brothers designs , manufactures , and installs greenhouse structures and systems for commercial purposes , research and teaching , retail garden centers , and conservatories . rough brothers was acquired by gibraltar industries , a manufactured goods corporation , in june 2015 and has two sister companies , rbi solar and rbi structures .
raycom sports is an american syndicator of sports television programs . it is headquartered in charlotte , north carolina , and owned and operated by raycom media . it was founded in 1979 by husband and wife , rick and dee ray . since its inception , it has produced and distributed football and basketball games from the atlantic coast conference of the ncaa .
gha coaches was a bus and coach operator serving north east wales , cheshire and shropshire . it also operated bus services extending into telford & wrekin , staffordshire , gwynedd and merseyside . gha coaches ceased trading after entering administration on 13 july 2016 . former gha services are now operated by a variety of operators including arriva north west , stagecoach , high peak and d & g bus .
infamous quests is an indie video game development company that produces point and click adventure games . it was founded in 2012 by steven alexander and shawn mills who previously founded infamous adventures , an amateur game development company that remade old sierra entertainment adventure games of the early 1990s .
spira footwear inc. , best known as simply spira , is an american footwear manufacturer based in the el paso , texas , united states of america . it was founded in 2001 and is best known for their running , walking , and casual shoes with springs embedded under the heel and toe .
little world beverages pty ltd is an australian beverage and hospitality company , best known for its ownership of the little creatures brewery .
theidleman.com is an e-commerce website specialising in menswear . it is one of the few online fashion destinations that is tailored for men at an affordable price range .
chint group is a low-voltage electrical power transmission and electricity distribution company .
kulczyk investments sa is an international investment company , founded by polish entrepreneur jan kulczyk in 2007 , focusing on business opportunities in high growth markets . the companys strategic sectors are energy , infrastructure , chemical industry and mineral resources . kulczyk holding sa is responsible for the operations of the group in poland .
alpha data is an information and communication technology company . it is one of the largest systems integrators in the united arab emirates .
the ross group is a privately owned full-service global film entertainment , brand and celebrity marketing agency founded by mary hall ross . the ross group specializes in creating high impact film and brand promotions and celebrity endorsements with strategically targeted programs .
copley press was a privately held newspaper business , founded in illinois , but later based in la jolla , california . its flagship paper was the san diego union-tribune .
securitas ag is a swiss family company providing security services with head office in zollikofen , regional offices in basel , bern , geneva , lausanne , lugano , lucerne , neuchtel , olten , st. gallen , thun and zrich as well as 25 other branches all over switzerland . securitas ag is part of the swiss securitas group and not to be confused with the swedish company securitas ab , which owns the swiss competitor protectas ag .
molnija was a russian watch and clockmaker based in chelyabinsk , chelyabinsk oblast . molnija -LRB- -RRB- is the russian word for lightning .
keds is an american brand of canvas shoes with rubber soles . founded in 1916 , the company is owned by wolverine world wide . the original shoe design , the champion , was the first mass-marketed canvas-top sneaker .
le nouvelliste is a french-language daily newspaper printed in port-au-prince , haiti , and distributed throughout the country , particularly the capital and 18 of the countrys major cities . the paper was founded in 1898 by guillaume chraquit originally under the name le matin , to become le nouvelliste 15 months later . printing was entrusted to chraquits friend henri chauvet . today le nouvelliste is haitis oldest and largest daily newspaper .
a game is a structured form of play , usually undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes used as an educational tool . games are distinct from work , which is usually carried out for remuneration , and from art , which is more often an expression of aesthetic or ideological elements .
shibuya productions is a monaco-based entertainment production company .
reach plc is a british newspaper , magazine and digital publisher . it is one of britains biggest newspaper groups , publishing 240 regional papers as well as the national daily mirror , sunday mirror and people , and the scottish sunday mail and daily record . since purchasing local world , it has gained 83 print publications . trinity mirrors headquarters are at canary wharf in london .
ncsoft is a south korean video game developer . the company has produced lineage , city of heroes , wildstar , guild wars , aion , blade & soul , and master x master .
fox head , inc. is an american extreme sports , primarily motocross , lifestyle clothing brand founded in 1974 . fox is a privately held company run by the founder and his sons , geoff and peter fox , and is owned by private equity company altamont capital partners . the sportswear fox designs , develops , and distributes is sold worldwide .
nor lines is a short sea liner shipping and logistics company based in norway . the company operates 11 vessels in addition to disposition of the cargo sections of the coastal express . in addition to along the norwegian coast , it through the subsidiary baltic line operates to denmark and finland . the company also manages truck and rail transport . it is owned det stavangerske dampskibsselskap and hurtigruten group and was previously known as nor-cargo .
simple is an american direct bank based in portland , oregon . the company provides fdic-insured checking accounts to us citizens only through a partnership with the bancorp and bbva compass and is part of the star network for surcharge-free access to around 55,000 atms . since 2014 , simple has been part of the bbva group , one of the largest banks in europe .
hass or hass petroleum is a somali privately owned oil and investment company based in east africa . it was founded and is still owned by the hassan family . the current chairman is abdinasir ali hassan there are also some young men who took part the development of the company in late ninties . such people are , duhul , asad ahmed . this men are not stranger but part of the family . abubakar mohamed is also one of the young men who was part of the establishment before heading to u.s.
air weapons complex is a development and production centre for airborne weapons systems in pakistan , more recently becoming involved in various commercial and other non-military projects also . the facility began operations in 1992 and has since grown considerably . located near wah , pakistan , awc now works under the umbrella organization of nescom .
pantelion films is an american film production company that was created in 2010 and based in santa monica , california . the studios goal is to bring wider theatrical distribution of movies aimed at latino audiences . it is backed by televisa and lionsgate . it has made theatrical relationships with movie exhibition chains including regal entertainment group , amc theatres , cinemex , and cinemark .
the royal african company was an english mercantile company set up by the stuart family and city of london merchants to trade along the west coast of africa . it was led by the duke of york , who was the brother of charles ii and later took the throne as james ii . its original purpose was to exploit the gold fields up the gambia river , which were identified by prince rupert during the interregnum .
coderstrust is an initiative backed by the development fund danida , or danish international development agency , to provide microfinance and education for students in emerging nations who want to upgrade their programming skills . the hope of founder , copenhagen-born entrepreneur ferdinand kjrulff , is that these students are empowered to sell their work internationally via freelance portals such as upwork .
the amoskeag company is an american holding and operating company . it is the successor to the amoskeag manufacturing company of new hampshire , and was the last owner of the fieldcrest mills in north carolina . when the profits of amc started going down in the mid-1920s , the new amoskeag company was created , and all of the profits from the booming years were transferred into it so that in 1936 , when amc declared bankruptcy , that money would be untouchable . this allowed amoskeag to continue .
wildfire communications , inc. was an american company founded in 1992 that developed and sold software and equipment to enhance telephone communications . it created a speech-based electronic secretary in october 1994 , pioneering the field of intelligent software assistance accessed completely through the use of natural language . wildfire is referred to as an early version of siri , having developed the patent for a network based knowledgeable assistant fundamental to voice based telephony .
purple music switzerland is a swiss record label , based in zrich and owned by dj , producer and a former record shop owner cem berter aka jamie lewis . purple music is regarded as one of the most influential house music labels of the past decade . the label was created in 1997 with the intention to fuse gospel with house music . the label has had a monthly residency party at kaufleuten club in zurich since 1997 .
filmnation entertainment , llc is an american film production and international sales company , founded by film executive glen basner in 2008 . the company distributes films internationally . on november 6 , 2013 , filmnation entertainment became part of the american film market for the first time , acquiring the international rights to woody allens magic in the moonlight and bill condons mr. holmes .
nortd labs a.k.a . nor _ / d is an international research and development collaborative dedicated to the merging of open source art , architecture , software and system design . nortd labs is also a studio of creative thought that engages science , art and design . historically , nortd labs has developed open-source hardware such as cubit in 2007 , which has been built and used by thousands of people , labs , hacker-spaces and universities worldwide . nortd labs work is released under various open licenses .
lobservatoire international is a lighting design firm established by herv descottes in 1993 in new york city . the firm works within a range of different spatial expressions including architecture , landscape , urban , and fine art projects . lobservatoire has become known for its innovative ways of applying light within the built environment , and does so by merging the latest technologies with an aesthetic paradigm in order to most advantageously engage and reveal the program , space , and form .
the nergie group is a uk based fitness franchise company launched in 2003 . the business operates two health club brands : nergie fitness clubs , and nergie fitness for women .
intereconoma corporation is a spanish media group which owns radio stations , a national broadcast channel , newspaper and magazines . the chairman is julio ariza , who is also the main stakeholder . intereconoma headquarters are located in madrid , but it also has delegations in barcelona and valencia , where there are currently working more than 600 workers . the corporate logo is a bull , inspired by the famous one which is placed in wall street .
onboardly is a demand marketing company located in moncton , new brunswick , canada that offers public relations and content marketing services to startup companies .
revathy kalamandhir is a malayalam movie production house , founded by malayalam producer g suresh kumar in 1993 . twenty five films had been produced under the banner . the latest release was the movie chattakaari , which was a remake of the 1974 movie chattakari . the film was shot in a record of 25 days .
arcadia shipmanagement co. ltd. is an oil tanker shipping company in athens , greece . it specializes in the shipping of oil , and other petroleum products .
the seoul animation center is an animation and cartoon museum and activities center located on the hillside of namsan in jung-gu , seoul . it was established by the seoul metropolitan government in may 1999 to support the south korean comics and animation industry and later expanded to include games and characters .
rainbow crafts company , inc. or , rainbow crafts was a toy manufacturing company created and operated by noah mcvicker and his nephew joseph mcvicker as a subsidiary of the midwestern soap company , kutol products . the company manufactured play-doh , a modeling compound for children . rainbow crafts operated under the mcvickers from 1956 until 1965 when it was sold to general mills with all rights to play-doh .
twisted pixel games is a video game developer based in austin , texas , usa . originally a contractor , twisted pixel releases games based on its own intellectual properties such as the maw and splosion man . the company uses its own proprietary engine , known as beard , to power its games . on october 12 , 2011 , it was announced that twisted pixel had become part of microsoft studios . however , twisted pixel was separated from microsoft , and became an independent company again on september 30 , 2015 .
the benenden healthcare society limited is a mutual society in the uk providing private medical cover . its membership consists of over 800,000 individuals and employees of corporate schemes provided by them . benenden has been the shirt sponsor of york city football club since the 201213 season .
navios maritime holdings inc. , is a global , vertically integrated seaborne shipping and logistics company focused on the transport and transshipment of drybulk commodities including iron ore , coal and grain . navios was created in 1954 by us steel to transport iron ore to the us and europe . since then , navios has diversified geographically and expanded the scope of its business activities such that navios currently controls 49 vessels totaling approximately 5.1 million deadweight tons .
calfkiller brewing company is a brewery in sparta , tennessee , usa .
optiver is a proprietary trading firm and market-maker for various exchange-listed financial instruments . its name derives from the dutch optie verhandelaar , or option trader . the company is privately owned . optiver trades listed derivatives , cash equities , exchange-traded funds , bonds and foreign exchange .
veritas bespoke is a company that manufactures and retails premium leather-soled shoes for men . the brand is founded in 2013 by the vietnamese canadian businessman thanh le and thai nguyen , the professional shoe cobbler in calgary , alberta , canada . veritas bespoke has invented a new approach to the traditional shoe-making method : creating bespoke last from 3d scanning technology used in orthopedics footwear . in july 2013 , veritas bespoke opened its boutique in calgary .
slt human capital solutions ltd ltd -RRB- is sri lankan company that provides human resources services . it is a fully own subsidiary of sri lanka telecom plc , the largest telecommunications services provider in sri lanka .
hopkins consulting agency , formerly known as hopkins technology commercialization agency , is an entirely student-run non-profit business and technology consulting company based at the johns hopkins university homewood campus . hca was founded in 2006 and provides technology commercialization services and business plan preparation services to universities , federal research labs , engineering firms , and independent entrepreneurs and inventors .
aeronca , contracted from aeronautical corporation of america , located in middletown , ohio , is a us manufacturer of engine components and airframe structures for commercial aviation and the defense industry , and a former aircraft manufacturer . from 1928 to 1951 , the company was a major producer of general aviation aircraft , and also produced the engines for some of their early designs .
the monarch was an automobile built in detroit , michigan by the monarch motor car company from 1913 to 1917 . joseph bloom founded the company in the spring of 1913 by august , the company moved into the former carhartt motor car company factory . the car itself was designed by blooms brother-in-law robert c. hupp , of hupmobile fame . the small 4-cylinder car sold in the us $ 1000 range . production commenced later that year and 150 had been produced by spring of 1914 .
transnational corporation of nigeria plc , is a diversified conglomerate with strategic investments and core interests in the hospitality , agribusiness and energy sectors . a publicly quoted conglomerate with a diversified shareholders base of about 290,000 investors , its notable assets include transcorp hotels plc .
on2 technologies , formerly known as the duck corporation , was a small publicly traded company , founded in 1992 and headquartered in clifton park , new york , that designed video codec technology . it created a series of video codecs called truemotion . in february 2010 , on2 technologies was acquired by google for an estimated $ 124.6 million .
azerigasbank , sometimes spelled as azerigazbank or agbank is a private commercial bank established in 1992 in baku , azerbaijan . it is the member of baku stock exchange since 15 september 1993 . the official auditor of the bank is the international auditor pricewaterhousecoopers from 2000 on .
riverhead networks was a computer security company based in netanya , israel and cupertino , california . the company was acquired by cisco systems on march 22 , 2004 .
faber and faber limited , often abbreviated to faber , is an independent publishing house in the united kingdom . faber has published some of the most well-known literature in the english language , including william goldings lord of the flies . poet t. s. eliot was once a faber editor . in 2006 the company was named the kpmg publisher of the year . faber and faber inc. , formerly the american branch of the london company , was sold in 1998 to the holtzbrinck company farrar , straus and giroux .
score ! educational centers , was owned by kaplan , inc. , which is a subsidiary of graham holdings company , and was a united states provider of customized supplementary education and one-on-three tutoring services for children in kindergarten through ninth grade . score ! offered materials in multiple subjects , including reading , mathematics , language arts , and writing . in 2009 , all score ! centers were closed or converted to kaplan centers .
axactor is a multinational debt buyer , headquartered in stockholm and oslo . the company is listed on the oslo stock exchange . the company was started in 2015 when nickel mountain group acquired ald abogados in spain . axactor purchased its first npl portfolio , through its spanish subsidiary , in february 2016 worth approximately 500 million euros . in march 2016 , ikas norge was acquired by axactor .
kumho engineering and construction is a korean civil engineering and construction company based in south korea . it is a corporate member of the kumho asiana group .
talis group ltd. is a software company based in birmingham , england that develops software for higher education . they were previously involved in development of library management software and a semantic web application platform . in 2005 talis was voted one of the top ict employers in the united kingdom .
beat communication co. , ltd. is supplying software for enterprise social networking services in japan . they have japanese customers such as ntt data , canon marketing japan inc. , japanese consumers cooperative union , all nippon airways trading co. , ltd. mitsubishi ufj research and consulting co. , ltd . , itx corporation , itx , reitaku university , etc. in 2013 , they acquired the social networking blog site in japan called socialnetworking.jp that started in 2004 .
the osthannoversche eisenbahnen ag is a celle based transportation company with railway network in north-eastern lower saxony around the lneburg heath area of over 250 km . the ohes main business is the transportation of freight through their own routes as well as the network of the deutsche bahn . historically the company also operated passenger trains , which completely ended in 1977 after previous partial closures .
toz penkala is a croatian company from zagreb , which produces school and office accessories . it is a leading manufacturer of school and office accessories in central and southeast europe . the companys operations were restarted in 2016 , after a brief period of inactivity .
poudreries runies de belgique sa was one of belgiums oldest and largest manufacturers of munitions , once the second-largest belgium armaments manufacturer . the company indirectly started in 1778 in wetteren as a gunpowder factory . by its 200th anniversary in 1979 it had 73 factories throughout the world , with the headquarters in brussels .
oxbridge applications is a for-profit education consultancy that provides students with help in their applications to the university of oxford , the university of cambridge , and medical and law schools . the company is not endorsed by either oxford or cambridge universities .
yellow bird project is a company that collaborates with indie bands to raise money for charity , primarily through the sale of t-shirts . they approach indie bands , asking them to choose a charity and submit an original design . each design is then printed onto t-shirts and sold exclusively through the ybp website to raise money for the charity of the artists choosing .
porcelain film ltd is a british independent production company formed in 2004 by film director and screen writer nicholas winter . in 2006 gina lyons joined as producer , together they have worked on a variety of television packages for the bafta award winning company so television , they also produce music videos , short films and feature films . porcelain film released their first feature-length film breathe in 2009 .
turner broadcasting system france is turners french division . the company is based in paris .
alcoa corporation is an american industrial corporation . it is the worlds sixth largest producer of aluminium , with corporate headquarters in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . alcoa conducts operations in 10 countries . alcoa is a major producer of primary aluminium , fabricated aluminium , and alumina combined , through its active and growing participation in all major aspects of the industry : technology , mining , refining , smelting , fabricating , and recycling .
citizens equity first credit union is a federally insured credit union based in peoria , illinois , commonly referred to by its registered trademark , cefcu.cefcu was founded in 1937 to serve the employees of caterpillar tractor company . it began as caterpillar employees credit union with a state credit union charter , then switched to a federal credit union charter and the name cefcu .
destination films is a division of sony pictures entertainment specializing in action , thriller , niche , sci-fi and low-end to medium-end horror films . the company was founded by brent baum and steve stabler in 1998 and acquired by sony in 2001 . in 2007 , sony pictures worldwide acquisitions took over and has released some films under destination films label , like blood : the last vampire and black dynamite .
dunav osiguranje or dunav insurance , is a serbian insurance company based in belgrade , serbia . it is the largest non-life insurance company in the serbian insurance market .
mets board , previously known as m-real corporation , is a finnish paper and pulp company . it was originally established by g.a. serlachius , and named mets-serla . the brand serla is an m-real brand . m-reals slogan is make it real . mets board is part of mets group , one of the largest forest industry groups in the world . on 29 september 2008 , m-real sold four of its paper mills to south african company , sappi .
milano assicurazioni was an italian financial services company based in milan , italy . the company was particularly active in the insurance sector , where it underwrites life , property , casualty and marine cover . the company was listed on the borsa italiana and was a constituent of the s & p/mib index . on 6 january 2014 the company merged with unipol assicurazioni and premafin by incorporation in fondiaria-sai that was renamed to unipolsai assicurazioni s.p.a. .
arig was founded in 1980 , established by the governments of kuwait , libya and the united arab emirates , is the largest arab owned re-insurer . arig is listed on the stock exchanges in bahrain , dubai and kuwait and held by nearly 5000 individual share holders . arig comprises a team of international professionals to which bahrainis contribute the largest share at 56 % .
dtp entertainment ag was a german video game publisher , founded in 1995 by thomas baur and located in hamburg . at its time it was one of germanys leading game publishers . dtp was known for having published a high number of games which were developed in germany , especially adventure games . the company was also acting as a video game distributor .
wattpad is a community for readers and writers to publish new user-generated stories in different genres , including classics , general fiction , historical fiction , non-fiction , poetry , spiritual , humor , and teen fiction . it aims to create social communities around stories for both amateur and established writers . the platform claims to have an audience of more than a million users , who can directly interact with the writers and share their opinions with fellow readers .
interactive brokers llc is a u.s.-based electronic brokerage firm . it is the largest u.s. electronic brokerage firm by number of daily average revenue trades , and is the leading forex broker . the company brokers stocks , options , futures , efps , futures options , forex , bonds , funds and cfds . interactive brokers also services commodity trading advisors , making it the fifth-largest prime broker servicing ctas .
arrow special parts is one of the worlds leading motorcycle exhaust manufacturers .
innovest systems , llc is a privately held firm that provides technology-driven services to trust and wealth management companies , global custodians , investment advisors and others that control , account for , and report on assets held in trust . innovest delivers its services in a software as a service model .
villa group is one of the largest business entities in the maldives . the holding company villa shipping and trading company pvt. ltd is a private conglomerate which is amongst the largest private business in the maldives with major operations in shipping , import and export , general trade and tourism , fishing , media , communication , transport and education related businesses .
888 holdings plc is a company which operates several gambling websites . in 2007 , the united states department of justice demanded repayment of the companys profits under the unlawful internet gambling enforcement act of 2006 totaling $ 120 million , and in 2017 the united kingdoms gambling commission levied a record 7.8 m penalty against the company . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
palmair was a british tour operator with its head office in the space house in bournemouth , united kingdom . palmair offered charter and scheduled flights on behalf of bath travel . its main base was bournemouth airport . palmair have now stopped any flights for the foreseeable future and the airline has been placed into a deep freeze until the economic climate improves . the company holds a united kingdom civil aviation authority air travel organisers licence .
ebx group comprises six companies listed in bovespas novo mercado : ogx , mmx , osx , and ccx . these companies are controlled by the brazilian entrepreneur eike batista , the chairman of the ebx group . between 2011 and 2012 , ebx group invested us $ 15.7 billion , generating 20,000 jobs in the construction and operation of its enterprises . over the succeeding years , it will invest us $ 50 billion .
tradestation group , inc. is the parent company of online securities & futures brokerage firms and trading technology companies . it is headquartered in plantation , florida , and has offices in new york , chicago , richardson , tx , london , sydney and costa rica .
remstar group is a canadian media corporation with operations in broadcasting , production and distribution . the company is based in montreal , quebec and was founded in 1998 by brothers julien and maxime rmillard .
curtiss-caproni was an italian-american aircraft manufacturer formed in the late 1920s to produce caproni aircraft in america as part of the curtiss-wright aviation conglomerate . as early as 1917 , curtiss was contracted to build caproni-designed aircraft . on 18 may 1918 , curtiss received an order to build 500 caproni aircraft . the caproni test pilots died testing prototypes , and replacements never materialized .
west coast railways , is a railway spot-hire company and charter train operator based at carnforth mpd in lancashire . using buildings and other facilities previously owned by the steamtown carnforth visitor attraction , in june 1998 the company became the first privately owned company to be given a licence as a train operating company . on 17 february 2016 the office of rail and road issued a prohibition notice to wcr , relating to concerns about its management of safety .
slipped disc records was an american record store located in valley stream , new york , on rockaway avenue owned/operated by mr. mike schutzman and was one of long islands longest running record stores . specializing in heavy metal , punk , and hardcore cds , records , dvds , shirts , posters , pins , books , and other accessories , the store had also featured in-store autograph signing sessions with some of rocks biggest acts over the years .
windstream kentucky west llc is a windstream operating company providing local telephone services to small portions of kentucky .
mission motors was an american company founded in 2007 in san francisco , california . the company was founded with the aim of creating high-performance , electric motorcycles , but later became a supplier of electric vehicle components .
saskwater is a crown corporation owned by the government of saskatchewan and supplies water , wastewater and related services to municipalities , industries and farms . in turn , municipalities supply water to their residents . saskwater has operations in moose jaw , watrous , prince albert , saskatoon , hanley , wakaw , melfort , regina , elbow , gravelbourg and meota .
transparent value is a division of guggenheim partners specializing in the management of equity mutual funds and separately managed accounts . the firm is headquartered in new york city .
parrot sa is a french wireless products manufacturer company based in paris , france . it was founded in 1994 by christine/m de tourvel , jean-pierre talvard and henri seydoux . stock symbol on paris stock exchange : parro and company is currently a member of the cac small 90 .
glasair aviation usa , llc is a chinese-owned aircraft manufacturer based in arlington , washington that produces the glasair and sportsman 2 +2 line of homebuilt aircraft .
biscuiteers baking company is a gifting retailer specialising in hand-iced biscuits , chocolates and cakes . the business started online in 2007 delivering to both the uk and internationally . biscuiteers also offers a bespoke and corporate service . the company was in the real business top 50 in 2011 and has been named as one of the accelerate 250 fastest growing british companies of 2013 .
pembient is a biotech company in seattle , washington , united states that was founded with the goal of creating bioengineered wildlife products to fight poaching around the world .
china gold international resources corp. ltd. is a mining and exploration company registered and headquartered in british columbia , and listed on the toronto stock exchange . china gold holds a minority stake of 39.9 % of its shares .
mindshare is a global media and marketing services company created in 1997 . as one of the worlds largest media agencies , mindshare is responsible for a large majority of groupm/wpps global marketing billings and campaigns . mindshares achievements include the dove natural women & snapchat hack campaign , the first global media agency to gain accredited actions on google channel partners status , and many others that have won global awards .
saskatchewan housing corporation is a crown corporation owned by the government of saskatchewan , founded in 1978 , to fund social housing , provide grants and other incentives for low-income and rental housing development within the province . in 2010 , shc supported 23,500 social and affordable rental housing units and an addition 5,400 special-purpose housing units .
dunlop aircraft tyres is a tyre-manufacturing company in birmingham , england , that claims to be worlds only specialist aircraft tyre manufacturer and retreader , for aircraft landing gear .
hunting plc is a british-based supplier to the oil and gas industry . some 27 % of the business is owned by the hunting family . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
codementor is an online platform providing instant one-on-one help for software developers by utilizing screen sharing , video and text chat , in order to replicate for users the experience of having a mentor for code reviewing , debugging , and online programming . the company is based in taipei , taiwan and san francisco , california .
samco inc. is a japanese company that manufactures and sells semiconductor process equipment for the fabrication of electronic components as well as other micro and nano-scale devices . the company is headquartered in kyoto , japan , and its product line can be divided into three categories : plasma etching systems plasma deposition systems surface treatment systems . on .
hinari domestic appliances or hinari lp is a british manufacturer of budget domestic electrical products . hinari was acquired by alba plc in 1989 .
tti , inc. is a specialty distributor of electronic components that include , but are not limited to : capacitors , resistors , connectors , switches , relays , circuit protection , electromagnetics , discrete semiconductors , sensors , rf modules , antennas , and more . the company was founded by paul andrews in 1971 .
byrne dairy is a regional dairy company headquartered in syracuse , new york . it was founded during the great depression in 1933 , delivering milk bottles to new yorkers by horse-wagons . the company is privately run and has expanded , distributing across the upstate new york region , supplying many wholesale and retail locations . the company also has a wholesale distribution center in massachusetts and operates a chain of convenience store/gas stations in central new york .
foundation coal holdings , inc. was a large american coal mining company . until its july 31 , 2009 merger with alpha natural resources to form the third largest american coal company , the company was publicly traded on the new york stock exchange under the symbol fcl .
spaceflight industries , inc. is a private aerospace company based out of seattle , washington that specializes in organizing rideshare space launches of secondary payloads and geospatial intelligence services . spaceflight industries has two primary business services : spaceflight , their launch rideshare service , and blacksky , their geospatial intelligence service .
andrew christian is an american mens underwear , swimwear , and sportswear manufacturer named after its founder , andrew christian .
banco de braslia is a small brazil-based bank that is controlled by the government of the brazilian federal district . the bank offers a range of financial products and services , including saving accounts , credit cards , investment services , insurance and loans , among others . the bank has both individual and corporate customers . the company is part of the brb group , comprising cartao brb , seguros brb , financeira braslia , brb dtvm , brb saude and regius .
sgl carbon se is a european chemical company based in germany . it is one of the worlds leading manufacturers of products from carbon . the company portfolio ranges from carbon and graphite materials to carbon fibers and composites . a broad base of materials , the deployment of the relevant technologies and many years of application and engineering expertise are the basis of the companys success .
the ertl company is an american toy company best known for its die-cast metal alloy collectible replicas of farm equipment and vehicles . the company is based in dyersville , iowa , home of the national farm toy museum .
harvest power , inc. is a privately held organics management company headquartered in waltham , massachusetts that specializes in converting food waste and yard waste into biofuel , compost , mulch and fertilizer . in 2014 fast company named it one of the most innovative companies in the world .
milkor ltd is a privately owned south african company established in 1980 . the company is best known for the range of milkor mgls 40mm , used in more than 50 countries . milkor also has an array of 40mm products catering to the less-lethal market , for infantry and for special forces applications .
the southern maryland electric cooperative is an electric distribution cooperative which is headquartered in hughesville , maryland . smeco serves approximately 161,000 customers in calvert , charles , prince georges , and st. marys counties of southern maryland . under its rules as a nonprofit cooperative , smeco passes on its costs to its customer-members without markup or profit .
the edmond de rothschild group is an international , family-owned and independent financial group , specialised in private banking , asset management , private equity , corporate finance and funds administration .
alisport srl is an italian aircraft manufacturer based in cremella . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of light aircraft and sailplanes in the form of kits for amateur construction and ready-to-fly aircraft for the european fdration aronautique internationale microlight category , as well as aircraft propellers .
pipeworks brewing company is a brewery in chicago , illinois . the brewery opened in january 2012 by founders beejay oslon and gerrit lewis . pipeworks began their brewing different from other microbreweries in that they initially brewed their beers entirely as a series of one off beers that were aimed specifically to the niche market of beer connoisseurs . the brewerys stated goal is to release a new beer every week .
jacaranda software was an australian developer and publisher of educational computer games for children . it was based in brisbane , australia and published under the inspirational leadership of john collins . the team worked as a department of jacaranda-wiley the australian imprint of american publishing company , wiley . while it was considered initially as an experimental venture , it proved to be profitable from its first year through to its closure in the early 1990s .
ex libris group is an israeli software company that develops integrated library systems and other library software . the company is headquartered in jerusalem , and has ten other offices around the world . in october 2015 , ex libris was acquired by proquest .
sungard availability services is a provider of it production and recovery services with annual revenues of approximately $ 1.4 billion and offices in 9 countries . the company uses its experience in recovery to design , build and run production environments that are more resilient and available . with 3,000 it and business professionals , the company manages 20 mobile facilities staged in strategic locations and 90 hardened it facilities connected by a redundant , global dedicated network backbone .
handan iron and steel group or hansteel is a state-owned iron and steel enterprise engaging in the manufacturing , processing and sales of black metal , billet , steel rolling , carbamide , sintering mineral , metallurgical machinery parts and coke . it was established in 1958 and it is headquartered in handan , hebei , china .
golden web is a ghanaian food company . they are listed on the stock index of the ghana stock exchange , the gse all-share index . it formed on may 5 , 1982 .
draper is an american not-for-profit research and development organization , headquartered in cambridge , massachusetts its official name is the charles stark draper laboratory , inc. the laboratory specializes in the design , development , and deployment of advanced technology solutions to problems in national security , space exploration , health care and energy .
alvin maurey eicoff was widely recognized as a founder of direct response television advertising . he helped pioneer the use of 1-800 numbers on television , along with the phrase or your money back . alvin was a proponent of short-form drtv , which consisted of 120-second and 60-seconds commercials featuring a 1-800 number and a call to action . alvin found his own advertising agency in 1959 , a. eicoff & company , specializing in short-form drtv .
beiersdorf ag is a german personal-care company based in hamburg , manufacturing personal-care products and pressure-sensitive adhesives . its brands include elastoplast , eucerin , labello , la prairie , nivea and tesa . although its shares are publicly listed , beiersdorf is controlled by maxingvest ag , which directly owns 50.49 % of shares .
241 pizza ltd. , doing business as 241 pizza , is a canadian franchise chain of quick-serve pizza restaurants headquartered in scarborough , ontario .241 pizza has 62 locations across ontario , predominantly in southern ontario and has expanded throughout canada with stores in other provinces across the country in newfoundland , manitoba , and saskatchewan . 241 pizza is a competitor of other quick-serve pizza chains such as pizza pizza , pizza hut , little caesars , dominos pizza , and pizza nova .
the kenkyusha co. , ltd. is a publishing house with headquarters in chiyoda , tokyo , japan . its product range is centered on foreign languagemainly englishdictionaries and textbooks . the name , kenkysha , can be translated as study/research company .
mts systems corporation is a global supplier of test systems and industrial position sensors . the company provides test and measurement solutions to determine the performance and reliability of vehicles , aircraft , civil structures , biomedical materials and devices and raw materials . examples of mts products include : aerodynamics simulators , seismic simulators , load frames , hydraulic actuators and sensors . the company operates in two divisions : test and sensors .
csl mobile limited is an hkt subsidiary , which operates mobile network brands of csl , 1o1o and club sim in hong kong .
ithaka harbors , inc. is a us nonprofit organization whose stated mission is to help the academic community use digital technologies to preserve the scholarly record and to advance research and teaching in sustainable ways . it is the parent company of digital library website jstor , the digital preservation service portico , and the research and consulting group ithaka s + r. ithakas revenue was $ 86 million in 2014 , most of it from jstor service fees .
novokramatorsky mashynobudivny zavod is a large heavy equipment manufacturer in ukraine . its abbreviation is nkmz . the company produces mining equipment metallurgy equipment rolling mills , forges , blast furnaces , ore crushers , presses , and other industrial process equipment . the company manufactures propellor shafts for icebreakers and components for submarines .
king karol was a new york city , new york-based record store chain founded by ben karol and phil king in 1952 . lasting through at least 1987 , and defunct for some time by 1993 , king karol was one of new yorks largest -LSB- and most -RSB- comprehensive music stories .
haifu chinese : pinyin : hi f is a company founded in 1999 and headquartered in chongqing , china , which is a leading manufacturer of non-invasive ultrasound therapeutic systems for both malignant and benign tumors . in october 2005 , the national engineering research center of ultrasound medicine was built in haifu . chinas development and reform commission planned to create top 10 national engineering research centers in 10 key fields .
aqr capital management is a global investment management firm based in greenwich , connecticut , united states . the firm , which was founded in 1998 by cliff asness , david kabiller , john liew and robert krail , offers a variety of quantitatively driven alternative and traditional investment vehicles to both institutional clients and financial advisors . the firm is primarily owned by its founders and principals .
tremalt limited was a mining company incorporated in the democratic republic of the congo . it was the vehicle for a highly criticized deal in 2001 in which it bought copper assets at far below their estimated value in return for a private agreement to pay a share of profits to the drc and zimbabwe governments . allegedly some of the payments were made in the form of military equipment . the company made few investments in its assets , several of which the drc government took back .
datamirror corporation , founded in 1993 , is a computer software company based in markham , ontario , canada with offices in several countries . the company provides real-time data integration , protection , and java database products , and in 2006 claimed to have over 2100 business customers in industries including healthcare , retail , telecommunications , and financial services . as of 2007 , the company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the ibm corporation .
comverge is a privately held company that provides software , hardware , and services to electric utilities implementing demand response and energy efficiency programs .
hub uitgevers was a netherlands-based magazine publisher . hub uitgevers was founded in 1993 and has grown to be one of the leading it publishers , with over 15 consumer titles , and a number of business-to-business magazines . more recently they ventured into the lifestyle segment publishing two womens and a mens magazine . in november 2007 , hub uitgevers took over four magazine titles from vnu media : computer idee , pcm , power unlimited and the dutch license for gizmodo magazine .
bosco-uganda is a private , non-profit effort to put wireless internet and voip telephony into the internally displaced persons camps of northern uganda , in cooperation with the archdiocese of gulu .
omni hotels & resorts is an american privately held , international luxury hotel company based in dallas , texas . the company is currently owned by private equity investor robert rowling of trt holdings , who bought the company in february 1996 from world international holdings , ltd. and the hong kong-based conglomerate , the wharf limited .
deepwater wind is an off-shore wind energy development group that built the block island wind farm in rhode island , united states .
bec-tero entertainment public co. ltd. is an entertainment conglomerate in thailand that organizes and promotes concerts , owns record labels and produces films and television shows . it is a subsidiary of bec world public co. ltd. , which also owns bangkok entertainment co. ltd. , operator of thai tv color channel 3 and used to own tv3 ghana between years 1997-1999 before sold to malaysian company , and now owned by ghanaian company .
ripwire is a british company that sells internet and telecommunications services , including hosting , broadband internet connections , voip and interactive multi-touch software applications .
strata marketing inc. is a chicago , illinois-based software company involved in connecting media buyers and sellers . it is owned by comcast . as of 2010 , it processes about $ 50 billion worth of media buys annually .
jernimo martins sgps , sa is a portuguese corporate group that operates in food distribution and specialised retail . it operates more than 3,600 stores in portugal , poland , and colombia . the group is the majority owner of jernimo martins retail , which operates the pingo doce super - and hypermarket chain in portugal .
crestview partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout , growth capital and distressed-for-control investments in companies across a range of industries . crestview focuses on companies in four sectors : financial services , media/cable , healthcare and energy . the firm , which is based in new york city , was founded in 2004 . the crestview team , which includes barry volpert , thomas murphy and bob hurst , had all previously worked together at goldman sachs .
ulstein group is a group of companies that focus on various marine-related industries , but is mainly known for its ship building and ship design activities . the largest unit is ulstein verft as . one recent delivery was the service operation vessel windea la cour which is operating at offshore wind farms offshore the netherlands , the first vessel with not only the inverted bow , x-bow , but also the x-stern hull design shapes .
volantis was a mobile internet software company based in guildford , england , it is now owned by antenna software , inc. , volantis provides mobile applications and software solutions which give operators and enterprises access to a content delivery platform and a device database which contained over 7,000 handsets as of february 2010 . volantis was part of the w3cs mobile web initiative , a member of the open mobile alliance and an advocate of open standards .
the dura lube corporation was formed in 1986 , originally intended as an engine additive for heavy duty trucks . the company gained wide exposure in the mid-90s through infomercials and wide retail distribution of its engine and fuel additives .
public health engineering organisation is a public agency formed by the government of odisha , under the administrative control of housing and urban development department assigned with task of providing water supply and sewerage facilities to the urban parts in the state of odisha .
frontier telephone of rochester , inc. , formerly rochester telephone corporation , is a local telephone operating company of frontier communications providing telephone service to rochester , ny . the company was founded in 1994 .
the leland corporation was a manufacturer of several arcade video games in the 1980s and early 1990s . notable among these were dragons lair ii : time warp in 1991 , the long-anticipated follow up to the hugely successful dragons lair from 1983 and ivan ironman stewarts super off road , which spawned an expansion and two sequels at lelands successor company midway games in addition to 1990s pig out .
dreamcatcher interactive inc. was a canadian video game publisher founded in 1996 by richard wah kan. in 2006 , the company became a subsidiary of jowood entertainment . in 2011 , the company went into administration along with its parent jowood and all assets were purchased by nordic games holding . the dreamcatcher interactive brand is currently being used as a publishing label for thq nordic .
datacash is a payment processing company which offers a global gateway to secure multi-channel payment processing , fraud and risk management services . founded in 1996 , it has been a division of mastercard since 2010 .
rxlist , founded in 1995 by a pharmacist , is an online medical resource of us prescription medications providing full prescribing information and patient education .
framo was a minivan , motor tricycle and car manufacturer in saxony , germany . it was established by danish engineer jrgen skafte rasmussen , the founder of dkw , in 1923 . framo became the core of the barkas minivan manufacturer in 1957 .
valio ltd is a finnish manufacturer of dairy products and one of the largest companies in finland . valios products include cheese , powdered ingredients , butter , yogurt and milk . it is finlands largest milk processor , producing 85 % of the countrys milk . valios net turnover in 2012 was 2 billion euros . valio is the market leader in key dairy product categories in finland and a pioneer as the developer of functional foods .
didi , formerly didi kuaidi , is a major chinese ride-sharing , ai and autonomous technology conglomerate founded by cheng wei , providing transportation services for more than 450 million users across over 400 cities in china . its headquarters is located in beijing .
fullers brewery is an independent , family-run regional brewery , founded in 1845 in chiswick , west london , england . john fullers griffin brewery dates from 1816 in 1845 , his son , john bird fuller , was joined by henry smith and john turner . fullers owns and operates over 380 pubs , inns and hotels across the south of england .
gsc systems , founded in 1984 , is a canadian manufacturer of wooden propellers for homebuilt and ultralight aircraft . the company headquarters is located in vernon , british columbia . the company was originally part of aircraft sales and parts , but was sold off to an employee in 2000 . originally producing fixed pitch wooden propellers , the company expanded into ground adjustable designs and more recently introducing the gsc-gta , a mechanical , inflight-adjustable propeller .
parmigiani fleurier sa is a swiss brand of luxury watchmakers founded in 1996 in fleurier , switzerland , by michel parmigiani . in 2006 , parmigiani produced the bugatti 370 , a driving watch which won the 2006 watch of the year award from the japanese press , supposedly based on the bugatti veyron supercar .
sadra also known as iran marine industrial company was founded in 1968 as a small ship repair yard in bushehr . since then , sadra has established itself as the leading shipbuilding and shiprepairing company in iran . sadra is also active in offshore oil & gas development . sadra specializes in building ships , docks and floating oil rigs . sadra group is a sister company of irans state-owned iran shipbuilding and offshores industries complex co. .
exodus savings and credit cooperative society limited , also referred to as exodus sacco , is a savings and credit co-operative society in uganda . it is an institutional sacco , composed of uganda national police personnel and their families .
juno ju-x is a product design engineer for music and sound creation and also a brand name for his solo work .
abhishek pictures is a film distributor established by nama madhusudhan rao in 1976 . shri abhishek pictures is based in telangana and consists of producers , distributors , exhibitors , actors , and digital post facilities . abhishek pictures has distributed films in regional languages , as well as various hollywood and bollywood films .
ratos ab is a swedish private equity company founded in 1934 and still controlled by the sderberg family . ratos is listed on the stockholm stock exchange .
diagnosticos da america sa , abbreviated dasa s.a. and formerly known as laboratorio clinico delboni auriemo sa is a brazil-based medical diagnostics company . it also operates a food testing unit , advertising , publishing , human resources services , and research entities . brands include alvaro and cientificalab . the company was founded in 1961 , is headquartered in barueri , .
j salmon ltd , founded in 1880 , is a uk-based printing and publishing firm , and is recognized as the oldest established postcard and calendar publisher in britain . it is based in sevenoaks , kent . the current managing directors of the firm are harry and charles salmon .
majesco entertainment company is an american video game publisher and distributor based in hazlet , new jersey . the company was founded as majesco sales in edison , new jersey in 1986 , and was a privately held company until acquiring operation-less company connectivcorp in a reverse merger takeover , becoming its subsidiary and thus a public company on december 5 , 2003 .
smodcast pictures is an american film distribution company and a film and television production company founded by kevin smith in 2011 . kevin smith announced at the 2011 sundance film festival that he would release his latest movie red state himself under his own distribution company smodcast pictures by touring the film instead of having a traditional release . smodcast pictures produces the unscripted television series comic book men , as well as the hulu-exclusive series spoilers .
channelflip is a london-based multi channel network which works with both traditional and online celebrities to create brand friendly content .
commit media is a socially entrepreneurial company that utilizes entertainment to advance the missions of non-profits and philanthropic organizations . the company also works with celebrities and public figures who have an authentic connection with a cause and want to achieve lasting impact . the ceo of commit media is paul katz , a long-time entertainment industry executive and two-time grammy nominee .
tamatem is a jordanian mobile game developer and publisher , which localizes globally published mobile games and develops their own games for arabic speakers . it is the leading mobile games publisher in the mena market .
elron electronic industries is a technology holding company based in tel aviv israel since 1962 the company has been involved in setting up , funding and developing over 30 companies and is considered one of the foundation stones of the high-tech industry in israel . the companys sectors of interest include clean technology , software , semiconductors , medical technology , telecommunications , defence and aerospace .
equity bank tanzania limited , is a commercial bank in tanzania , the second-largest economy in the east african community . it is licensed by the bank of tanzania , the countrys central bank and national banking regulator . the bank is a member of the equity group holdings limited , a large financial services conglomerate , headquartered in nairobi , kenya , with subsidiaries in kenya , rwanda , south sudan , tanzania and uganda .
metz-werke gmbh & co. kg was a german consumer electronic manufacturer , besides loewe and technisat , metz was the only remaining tv manufacturer which developed and produced their devices in germany . its head office is in zirndorf , bavaria . the company filed for insolvency in 2014 and backed up by new investors now refirms as two independent companies metz consumer electronics gmbh and metz mecatech gmbh since 2015 .
the chatham motor car company was a canadian brass era automobile manufacturer , based in chatham , ontario , from 1906 to 1909 .
koppers is a global chemical and materials company based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania , united states in an art-deco 1920s skyscraper , the koppers tower .
welsh wrestling is the only national welsh professional wrestling promotion . neath-based alan ravenhill is the founder and promoter of the group , which was established in 2004 and holds live events all across the country .
cannimed therapeutics inc. is a canadian public licensed producer of medical cannabis . it is primarily focused on cannabis oil . the companys predecessor , prairie plant systems , was established in 1988 and is located in saskatoon , saskatchewan . in 2013 cannimed became the first cannabis producer to be licensed under health canada regulations that were issued that year .
golub capital is a u.s.-focused credit asset manager with over $ 25 billion of capital under management . the firm has primary business lines in middle market lending , late stage lending , and broadly syndicated loans . the firm is also affiliated with golub capital bdc , inc. , a business development company that trades on the nasdaq under the stock ticker symbol , gbdc . golub capital is one of the largest non-bank middle market lenders and providers of senior debt .
aerospike is the company behind the aerospike open source nosql distributed database which has a horizontally scalable high-speed lightweight data layer . citrusleaf , a mountain view , california based company which rebranded to aerospike in august 2012 , launched the database in 2011 . the company purpose-built the database for developers to deploy real-time big data applications .
maroc telecom is the main telecommunication company in morocco . iam employs around 11,178 employees . it has 8 regional delegations with 220 offices present on all the territory of morocco . the company is listed on both the casablanca stock exchange and euronext paris .
inslaw , inc. is a washington , d.c. based information technology company that markets case management software for corporate and government users . inslaw is known for developing promis , an early case management software system . it is also known for a lawsuit that it brought against the united states department of justice in 1986 over promis . inslaw won damages in bankruptcy court , but these were overturned on appeal .
the province of buenos aires railway was a state-owned company that operated a 902 km 1,000 mm metre gauge railway network in the province of buenos aires in argentina . founded in 1907 as the ferrocarril provincial del puerto de la plata al meridiano v , the company changed its name to fcpba in 1924 , in 1951 it was taken into state ownership and in 1953 it was absorbed by the state-owned belgrano railway .
china shipping container lines co. , ltd , was a containerized marine shipping company , based in shanghai , china . an ongoing downturn in the container shipping industry which began in 2013 , and that was caused by various factors such as weak global gdp , muted demand for container shipping , sluggish global trade growth , and container vessel overcapacity left the container shipping market crippled .
erga edizioni , is a publishing company situated in genova . it was founded on 1964 by marcello merli .
scripps health is a nonprofit health care system based in san diego , california . the system includes five hospitals and 19 outpatient facilities , and treats a half-million patients annually through 2,600 affiliated physicians . the system also includes clinical research and medical education programs . the scripps name dates to 1924 when philanthropist ellen browning scripps established scripps memorial hospital and the scripps metabolic clinic in la jolla , california .
uob kay hian holdings limited is a singapore-based , global investment bank that engages in brokerage services , private wealth management , investment banking , investment management and financial research . uob kay hian was founded in the early 1900s by the late khoo kay hian as kay hian & co .
spiegelworld is a live entertainment production company known for its shows which combine adult comedy , acrobatics and music , with a contemporary twist on the traditions of vaudeville , burlesque and speakeasy bar culture . spiegelworld began by producing shows for a heritage belgian spiegeltent , made of wood and mirrors , which blurred the lines between cocktail party , live show and night club .
harrild may refer to : robert harrild , printing pioneerharrild & sons , british manufacturer of printing machinery and supplies .
the company of scotland trading to africa and the indies , also called the scottish darien company , was an overseas trading company created by an act of the parliament of scotland in 1695 . the act granted the company a monopoly of scottish trade to india , africa and the americas , similar to english charter companies monopolies , and also extraordinary sovereign rights and temporary exemptions from taxation . financial and political troubles plagued its early years .
penn fishing tackle manufacturing company is an american manufacturer of fishing tackle , primarily known for fishing reels and rods .
uinta brewing company is a craft brewery founded in 1993 in salt lake city , utah , usa . the company produces a range of beers , naming them after utahs cultural and natural icons . as of 2016 , uinta was the 39th-largest craft brewery in the country .
royal dutch gazelle is the largest and most famous bicycle manufacturer in the netherlands . gazelle employs 550 workers at its factory in dieren , netherlands , producing 300,000 bicycles a year . total production has passed 13 million .
united telecoms limited is an indian company specializing in telecom networks .
ya kun kaya toast is a singaporean chain of mass-market , retro-ambience cafes selling toast products , soft-boiled eggs and coffee . founded by loi ah koon in 1944 , ya kun remained a small family-run stall for decades , but have expanded rapidly since lois youngest son headed the business in 1999 .
ranik ultimate fighting federation is the first chinese mixed martial arts organization sanctioned by the general administration of sport of china . the winners of the title fights will be crowned as the national mma champions of china in their respective weight classes . ruff held its first event in august 2011 in shanghai , before presenting in chongqing , hohhot , nanjing , and sanya . in february 2013 ruff awarded championship belts in five weight classes , at their superfight event .
jrk property holdings is a los angeles based real estate holding and property management company . in 2014 , jrk was the 15th largest apartment owner in the united states as ranked by the national multi housing council .
gosling brothers limited is a bermuda company primarily concerned with blending and distributing rum as well as importing and distributing spirits on the island and maintaining a retail presence .
west coast railway was a passenger train company operating in victoria , australia that operated services between melbourne and warrnambool from september 1993 until august 2004 .
kingboard chemical holdings limited is a manufacturer of laminates . owned by paul cheung kwok wings family , the company manufactures and distributes laminates , copper foil , coke , methanol , caustic soda , glass fabric , glass yarn , bleached craft paper , printed circuit boards , chemicals , liquid crystal displays , and magnetic products . the group operates more than 60 manufacturing facilities in china and thailand . it is headquartered in shatin , new territories , hong kong .
byne blueberry farms is an organic blueberry farm in waynesboro , georgia . it is one of the earliest and most famous organic farms in the united states . byne blueberry farms was started in 1980 , before there was a national organic program , when owner dick byne became the first commercial blueberry grower in the central savannah river area . whole foods and earth fare are some of the farms biggest consumers .
zip.ca was an online dvd rental and movie rental kiosk company operating in canada . it had a database of over 82,000 unique titles . zip.ca was a member of the privately held momentous group of companies , and was owner of the ottawa rapidz baseball team until its first-season bankruptcy . on august 17 , 2014 , zip.ca announced on its website that it was closing its doors and was no longer shipping discs to its members .
moti mahal delux is a global chain of restaurants with over 120 franchises in india and around the world . after the partition of india in 1947 , the first moti mahal in delhi founded by kundan lal jaggi , kundan lal gujral and thakur dass was one of the first restaurants to introduce the punjabi cuisine to the rest of the world and many famous dishes include tandoori chicken , butter chicken and dal makhani .
cobra golf , based in carlsbad , california , is an american manufacturer of golf equipment . the company is currently a subsidiary of the german athleticwear company puma , which in turn is part of the french holding company kering .
vanguard managed solutions was a limited liability company which specialized in monitoring live data networks from network operations centers from 2001 to 2007 . it began as codex corporation then was a division of motorola , and then purchased by platinum equity . platinum merged the network monitoring business section to compucom in 2007 , but retained the ip router business renamed to vanguard networks .
vista equity partners is an american private equity and venture capital firm focused on financing and forwarding software and technology-enabled startup businesses , as well as passive equity investments . the firm was founded in 2000 by american businessman and investor robert f. smith , and has offices in austin , texas , chicago , illinois , and san francisco , california . vista operates with around $ 10 billion in their 2016 vi fund .
pharma nord is an international pharmaceutical company with corporate headquarters in vejle , denmark and manufacturing facility and research laboratories in vojens , denmark . pharma nord has 25 daughter companies throughout europe , asia , north america and the middle east . pharma nord is a privately owned limited company .
allied irish banks is one of the so-called big four commercial banks in ireland . aib offers a full range of personal and corporate banking services . aib capital markets is the division of the company that offers international banking and treasury operations . the bank also offers a range of general insurance products such as home , travel , and health insurance . it offers life assurance and pensions through its tied agency with irish life assurance plc.
the upper willamette transportation line was a line of four inland steamboats that operated from the fall of 1859 to the summer of 1860 on the upper willamette river in the state of oregon .
sector 9 is a longboard manufacturer and subsidiary of bravo sports . the company was started in la jolla , california in 1993 by cofounders steve lake , dave klimkiewicz , dennis telfer , and tal ofarrell . sector 9 is currently headquartered in san diego , california . sector 9 specializes in longboards for surfing , longboarding , and snowboarding . their main focus is on hard goods , but they also offer a range of soft goods . billabong international acquired sector 9 in 2008 .
the computer company was an early computer time-sharing service based in richmond , virginia .
folli follie is a greek-based international company which designs , manufactures and distributes luxury jewellery , watches and fashion accessories . through its subsidiaries it also operates duty-free shops and sporting goods retail outlets .
brave entertainment is a south korean entertainment company founded in 2008 by brave brothers .
funding tree is an fca regulated online crowdfunding platform headquartered in london uk . the website officially launched in august 2014 , becoming the worlds first fully regulated loan and equity-based crowdfunding and peer-to-peer business lending platform .
banco santander-chile is the largest bank in chile by loans and deposits . the bank has 504 branches network . it is a subsidiary of the santander group .
warewolf is a desktop application development and integration platform that automates processes and replaces coding with drag and drop functions to facilitate development of micro-services .
the saehan motor company was a south-korean car maker founded in 1976 , which was born on the collaboration of shinjin industrial company and the will of general motors to introduce their products on the south korean market . saehan was born on the former general motors korea , which encountered difficulties when the south-korean market collapsed , following the first round of oil rises in 1973 .
index living mall co. ltd. is a thailand-based furniture retailer owned by index interfurn group . with a concept of a special mall entirely devoted to displaying and selling the companys furniture , the company opened its first branch in december 2002 at future park rangsit in suburban bangkok . as of 2017 , the company has 31 branches throughout thailand . apart from thailand , future locations include seven new malls in india in five years , six outlets in indonesia , dubai , uae and russia barnaul .
boston duck tours is a privately owned company that operates historical tours of the city of boston using replica world war ii amphibious dukw vehicles . boston duck tours first started running tours in boston , ma on october 5 , 1994 . the company has three departure locations throughout the city of boston : the prudential center , the museum of science and the new england aquarium .
solmetric corporation , based in sebastopol , ca , is a manufacturer of solar test and measurement equipment and developer of solar design software . solmetric was founded in 2005 and is best known for its shade measurement tool , the suneye , and its i-v curve tracer , the pv analyzer . the award winning suneye shade tool is used primarily by residential solar installers . it tells the user when and where shadows will fall so that solar modules can be placed to maximize energy harvest .
dts is a series of multichannel audio technologies owned by xperi corporation , an american company specializing in digital surround sound formats used for both commercial/theatrical and consumer grade applications . it was known as the digital experience until 1995 . dts licenses its technologies to consumer electronics manufacturers . in december 2016 , dts was acquired by tessera , now called xperi .
safeway was the trading name used by woolworths limited until 2008 for its supermarkets in victoria , australia . elsewhere in australia the trading name is woolworths . in august 2008 , woolworths announced the discontinuation of the safeway name , rebranding all victorian stores as woolworths to match their interstate counterparts .
tesco lotus is a hypermarket chain in thailand operated by ek-chai distribution system co. , ltd. tesco lotus started from the lotus supercenter chain started in 1994 by the charoen pokphand group with the first store opening in seacon square . in 1998 , the british supermarket chain tesco took a stake to create tesco lotus . cp group sold most of its shares in tesco lotus in 2003 .
rs mccoll , or mccolls is a scottish newsagent company named after robert smyth mccoll , who was a professional footballer . it was founded in 1901 by mccoll and his brother tom .
time2 is a uk-based multichannel retailer and manufacturer of security cameras , tablets , and smart home devices . the company is based in blackburn in lancashire . time2 offers its products nationwide , including the offshore destinations and the scottish islands and highlands , as well as selected european countries .
inkfruit is an online shopping store , not available now for submitting designs where t-shirt designs are submitted and voted for by a community . it was launched in december 2007 by fingerprints fashion inc. , based in mumbai , india . kashyap dalal , an undergraduate of iit bombay , and graduated from iim lucknow is the ceo of inkfruit . this concept is taken from threadless to india by inkfruit .
dynamy , inc. is a residential internship program in the united states . it was founded in 1969 as an experiential educational organization based in worcester , massachusetts .
slingsby aviation is a british aircraft company based in kirkbymoorside , north yorkshire , england . the company was founded on the building and design of gliders and sailplanes . from the early 1930s to around 1970 it built over 50 % of all british club gliders and had success at national and international level competitions . it then produced some powered aircraft , notably the composite built firefly trainer , before becoming a producer of specialised composite materials and components .
herfy is a major fast food restaurant chain in saudi arabia and one of the largest in the middle east , surpassing international chains in terms of presence . it has a total of more than 212 restaurants and 4,000 employees throughout saudi arabia . it also has many subsidiaries including herfy bakery and a soon to be built meat processing plant . it has been an entirely saudi-owned company since its inception .
banca intesa beograd is one of the largest operating banks in serbia , majority owned by the italian intesa sanpaolo and other 7 % by international financial corporation , world bank . its headquarters is in belgrade , serbia .
schneider rundfunkwerke ag was a german manufacturer of mass market audio equipment .
softnyx ltd is a south korean video game developer and distributor that was founded in 2001 by jinho kim in seoul . the company first released the hit game gunbound in 2003 , introducing indonesian servers in april , chinese servers in june and an international server in august .
the saudi railways organization is one of two state-owned companies that operates saudi arabias rail network . the sro operates a network of railways with a total length of approximately 1,380 kilometers . the network consists of two main lines . a 449 km passenger line that links dammam with riyadh , and a 556 km freight line that connects the king abdul aziz port in dammam with riyadh .
walther arms , inc. was created in june 2012 by two of the pw group divisions , carl walther sportwaffen and umarex sportwaffen . walther arms , inc. to import , distribute , service , and market the firearms of group parent carl walther sportwaffen . walther arms , inc. shares the campus in fort smith , arkansas with corporate sibling umarex.the strategic partnership between smith & wesson will continue .
grado labs is an audio manufacturer known for hand building high-end dynamic open-air headphones and cartridges in brooklyn , new york . grado labs was founded in 1953 , by master watchmaker joseph grado . the brooklyn company is currently run by president and ceo john grado , who bought the company in 1990 after running day-to-day operations since the 1970s . johns son , jonathan grado , recently entered the company as the third generation of grado .
man glg is a discretionary investment manager and a wholly owned subsidiary of british alternative investment manager man group plc. it is a diversified and multi-strategy fund manager that operates strategies including equity long-short funds , convertible arbitrage funds , emerging market funds and long-only mutual funds . the firm is also a founding member of the hedge fund standards board and a signatory of the principles for responsible investment .
wyndham vacation resorts asia pacific is a wholly owned subsidiary of wyndham worldwide corporation which operates as a vacation ownership , allowing vacationers to own real estate interest in one of the wyndham resorts .
russell brewing company is a brewery in strawberry hill , surrey , british columbia , canada .
chuck e. cheeses is a chain of american family entertainment centers and restaurants . the chain is the primary brand of cec entertainment , inc. and is headquartered in irving , texas . the establishment serves pizza and other menu items , complemented by arcade games , amusement rides , and animatronic displays as a focus of family entertainment .
oxford nanopore technologies limited is a u.k.-based company which is developing and selling nanopore sequencing products for the direct , electronic analysis of single molecules .
axa equitable life insurance company , formerly the equitable life assurance society of the united states , also known as the equitable , or simply axa was founded by henry baldwin hyde in 1859 . in 1991 , axa , a french insurance company , acquired majority control of the equitable . in 2004 , it officially changed its name to axa equitable life insurance company .
buckley is a town and community in flintshire , north-east wales , 2 miles from the county town of mold and contiguous with the villages of ewloe , alltami and mynydd isa . it is on the a549 road , with the larger a55 road passing nearby . buckley is the second largest town in flintshire in terms of population .
cimatron group is an israeli software company that produces cad/cam software for manufacturing , toolmaking and cnc programming applications . the company is listed on the nasdaq under the symbol cimt . the companys major shareholder is dbsi , whose co-managing partner , yossi ben-shalom , chairs the cimatron board . headquartered in tel aviv , the company has subsidiaries in the united states , germany , italy , china , south korea , india and brazil , as well as resellers in over 40 countries .
poundland is a british variety store chain founded in 1990 , with a single price-point on most items costing 1 , including clearance items as well as proprietary brands . the first pilot store opened in december 1990 following numerous rejections by landlords who had reservations about allowing a single-price store to operate , fearing it could adversely affect the local competition .
woodmeister master builders is a residential homebuilder and custom cabinetry company based in holden , massachusetts . founded in 1980 by theodore b. goodnow , the company has offices in boston , ma , new york , ny , stowe , vt , and nantucket , ma .
creative assembly sofia is a bulgarian video game developer based in sofia . the company was established by vesselin handjiev as black sea studios in 2001 . the company is best known for its 2004 title knights of honor , a historical real-time strategy game released for microsoft windows , and for the 2008 science fiction real-time strategy title worldshift .
asw distillery is a manufacturer of distilled spirits located in atlanta , georgia , united states . it is the second legally licensed distillery in atlanta since the end of american prohibition and distilled the first single malt whiskey in atlanta history .
loeb , rhoades & co. was a wall street brokerage firm founded in 1931 and acquired in 1979 by sanford i. weills shearson hayden stone . although the firm would operate as shearson loeb rhoades for two years , the firm would ultimately be acquired in 1981 by american express to form shearson/american express and three years later shearson lehman/american express .
marith + franois girbaud is an international clothing company based in france and founded by stylists franois girbaud and marith bachellerie in 1972 . they created several brands : compagnie des montagnes et des forts , a , closed , matricule 11342 , etc. they are world-known especially for industrialization of the stonewash , baggy trousers and skin-tight jeans .
tecrea ltd is a biotech company located in the london bioscience innovation centre . the company is involved in research and development to improve the cell and tissue delivery of drugs and reagents . the approach involves nanomedicine , which has the potential to address a wide variety of diseases in a safe and efficient way . recently tecrea along with cobra biologics was awarded the innovate uk grant worth 112k to develop aav scalable production bioprocess .
murphys brewery was a brewery founded in cork , ireland in 1856 by james jeremiah murphy . it was known as ladys well brewery until it was purchased by heineken international in 1983 , when the name changed to murphy brewery ireland ltd. the name of the brewery was recently changed to heineken brewery ireland , ltd. the brewery produces heineken , murphys stout and other heineken products for the irish market .
atlassian corporation plc is an australian enterprise software company that develops products for software developers , project managers , and content management . it is best known for its issue tracking application , jira , and its team collaboration and wiki product , confluence . atlassian serves over 60,000 customers .
fjellinjen as is a municipal company owned by the city of oslo and akershus county municipality . it is responsible for the collection from the toll ring around oslo , with a total of nineteen toll plazas .
rainbow grocery cooperative is a worker-owned and run food cooperative located in san francisco , california . founded in 1975 , rainbow grocery is a member of nobawc and the united states federation of worker cooperatives .
silicon image is a provider of semiconductors for the mobile , consumer electronics and personal computers . it also manufactures wireless and wired connectivity products used for high-definition content . the companys semiconductor and ip products are deployed by the electronics manufacturers in devices such as smartphones , tablets , digital televisions , other consumer electronics , as well as desktop and notebook pcs .
charter communications , inc. is an american telecommunications company that offers its services to consumers and businesses under the branding of spectrum . providing services to over 25 million customers in 41 states , it is the second-largest cable operator in the united states by subscribers , just behind comcast , and third largest pay tv operator behind comcast and at & t u-verse/directv . it is the fifth largest telephone provider based upon residential subscriber line count .
magruders is a grocery store and former chain in and around the washington , d.c. metropolitan area . the store is owned by a family who themselves were born and grew up in the washington area . magruders is known for offering low prices on produce and other groceries . the store is much smaller than those of a larger chain like giant food or safeway therefore , the variety and availability of some products sometimes does not equal that of these larger chains .
airest is an estonian-owned airline that started in january 2002 , operating regular cargo and charter passenger flights .
shipley energy , is a heating and cooling company headquartered in york , pennsylvania . it provides energy to residential and commercial customers , in the mid-atlantic region of the united states , in the form of heating oil , propane , natural gas , and electricity for residential customers , and heating oil , natural gas , propane , and electricity , as well as kerosene , biodiesel , and fuel oil to commercial customers , for buildings , machinery , and fleets .
the codemasters software company limited , doing business as codemasters , is a british video game developer and publisher founded by david darling and his brother richard in 1986 . headquartered in southam , warwickshire , codemasters is one of the oldest british game studios , and in 2005 was named the top independent games developer by develop magazine .
spectra energy corp , headquartered in houston , texas , operated in three key areas of the natural gas industry : transmission and storage , distribution , and gathering and processing . spectra was formed in late 2006 from the spin-off from duke energy . spectra owned the texas eastern pipeline , a major natural gas pipeline which brings gas from the gulf of mexico coast in texas to the new york city area , which was one of the largest pipeline systems in the united states .
nakilat is a qatari marine company providing the essential transportation link in the state of qatars lng supply chain . its lng shipping fleet is the largest in the world , growing to 61 lng vessels in 2015 . in addition nakilat manages and operates four very large lpg carriers , which nakilat jointly owns with milaha . via two strategic joint ventures nakilat-keppel offshore & marine and nakilat damen shipyards qatar -LRB- .
the hermann pfanner getrnke gmbh is an international austrian beverage producer . by his own account it produced over 420 million liters in 2010 whereby more than 80 % of the total volume was exported in over 80 countries around the world . headquartered in lauterach in vorarlberg the main markets supplied are germany , italy , austria , romania and the czech republic . according to company-related reports , pfanner is the leader in the german ice tea market with a share of 19.8 percent .
team soho was a british video game developer based in soho , london and a subsidiary of sony computer entertainment . they started out developing a combat flight simulator video game for the playstation 2 called dropship : united peace force .
sellers bros. is a chain of grocery stores and convenience stores based in houston , texas , united states . the company was formed in 1921 , and its officers are george r. sellers joseph l. sellers and john l. sellers . sellers bros. operates 12 supermarkets/grocery stores and five convenience stores . in the 1990s sellers bros. used direct mail as the method of advertising to customers . in 1997 sellers bros. hired an advertising firm to promote the chain to hispanic people .
the pacific horizon investment trust is a publicly traded investment trust listed on the london stock exchange . the trust invests in the markets of the asia pacific region and of the indian sub-continent . the trust is managed by baillie gifford & co limited , the edinburgh-based investment management partnership .
paramount defenses is a privately held american cyber security company that develops cyber security solutions to help organizations secure their foundational microsoft active directory deployments . active directory is the foundation of cyber security at over 85 % of all organizations worldwide . the companys global customer base spans six continents , and its customers include the united states government as well as several fortune 100 companies .
select sport a.s. is a danish sports equipment manufacturer based in glostrup , denmark . as of 2008 , select provides the danish football association with footballs , and also several clubs in the danish , belgian and russian top football leagues use select balls . select balls are used in the olympic handball games , as well as in the world championship and in the danish , swedish and spanish mens handball leagues , among others .
bancfirst corporation is a corporation which operates under the name bancfirst , a state chartered bank in oklahoma , united states . it has 100 banking locations serving 53 communities throughout the state of oklahoma , and is the largest state chartered bank in oklahoma .
coopers is a bakery chain in bangladesh . it was founded in 1984 by douglas cooper , a dhaka-based british expat and world war ii veteran , and his wife sufia cooper . it operates over a dozen outlets in dhaka and chittagong and is a popular household name in upmarket urban areas . it has a factory on the outskirts of dhaka in ashulia . the company is managed by brothers john and simon cooper , the children of douglas and sufia cooper .
gp strategies corp. is a global performance improvement provider of sales and technical training , e-learning solutions , management consulting and engineering services headquartered in columbia , maryland .
paychex , inc. is an american provider of payroll , human resource , and benefits outsourcing services for small - to medium-sized businesses . with headquarters in rochester , new york , the company has more than 100 offices serving approximately 605,000 payroll clients as of may 31 , 2017 .
officine meccaniche giovanni cerutti s.p.a. is an italian joint-stock company headquartered in casale monferrato , which designs and manufactures rotogravure and flexo printing presses and related equipment for magazine and newspaper production , and for the printing and converting of packaging materials .
asenav is a chilean ship building company , based in santiago with its main shipyards located in southern chile in the middle of the city of valdivia , some 15 km from the bay of corral at the pacific coast . the company was established in 1974 by the german immigrant eberhard kossmann .
severn trent plc is a water company based in the united kingdom that is traded on the london stock exchange , and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index . severn trent , the trading name owned by the above company applies to a group of companies employing more than 15,000 people across the united kingdom , united states and mainland europe , with some involvement in the middle east . the main companies in the group are severn trent water and severn trent services .
cinetel films inc. is an independent film production company and distributor based in west hollywood , california .
norbert dentressangle is a major european transport , logistics and freight forwarder . it was founded in 1979 , initially concentrating on cross channel transport between france and the united kingdom . in december 2007 , norbert dentressangle doubled its size , and significantly strengthened its position in europe , with the acquisition of christian salvesen , and in march 2011 , it bought the british company tdg .
mabuchi motor company is a japanese manufacturing company based in matsudo , chiba prefecture , japan . it is the worlds largest manufacturer by volume of small electric motors , producing over 1.4 billion motors annually . the company employs 24,286 people in its production division , 755 in its administrative division , 583 in its r & d division , and 219 in its sales division .
the mitchell madison group is a management consulting firm based in the united states that focuses on improving financial and operating performance for major corporations . it was founded in 1994 and re-launched in 2003 . it is active in strategic sourcing , performance improvement , and big data analysis .
mash brewing company is a microbrewery in henley brook , located within the swan valley region of western australia .
novawurks is a seed-stage startup company that is developing a set of novel small satellite technologies that will enable new capabilities for commercial operations in space . novawurks is located in los alamitos , california . in 2013 , the company received an important contract worth up to us $ 46,200,000 from darpa for components for the phoenix project .
the womans temperance publishing association was a non-commercial publisher of temperance literature . established in 1879 in indianapolis , indiana during the national convention of the womans christian temperance union , it was a concept of matilda carse , an irish-born american businesswoman , social reformer and leader of the temperance movement . the wtpa was designed as a joint-stock company and operated in illinois .
planeta corporacin , s.r.l. , doing business as grupo planeta , is a spanish media group based in madrid . the company operates in spain , portugal , france and latin america . it was previously headquartered in barcelona .
gawker media llc was an online media company and blog network . it was founded by nick denton in october 2003 as blogwire , and is based in new york city . incorporated in the cayman islands , as of 2012 , gawker media was the parent company for seven different weblogs and many subsites under them : gawker.com , deadspin , lifehacker , gizmodo , kotaku , jalopnik , and jezebel .
splash is an online event management service . covering product launches , birthday parties , weddings , and corporate events , splash facilitates planning , invitations , and rsvps with attention paid to post event events with portals for photos and videos . powered by one clipboard , splash launched in february 2012 in new york city by co-founders ben hindman and brett boskoff . splash entered into the ticketing market in january 2013 .
premier bank limited is a private sector commercial bank in banani , dhaka , bangladesh .
premier tax free is part of the fintrax group , a financial services company , specialising in multicurrency payments , credit card processing and the management of vat refunds for tourists . premier tax free provide their services to overseas visitors , international retail groups , hotels and banks around the world . it is the second largest tax refund provider globally , with global blue being the dominant leader .
opera lafayette is an opera company based in washington , d.c. , that produces french operas from the 17th and 18th centuries . it was founded in 1995 by ryan brown and splits its season between washington and new york city .
kadokawa corporation is a subsidiary of kadokawa dwango corporation , and is the parent company of the kadokawa group companies , which brings together several affiliated companies related to kadokawa shoten .
smuggler is a film , tv , commercial , music video and theatre production company founded in 2002 by patrick milling-smith and brian carmody . it has been awarded production company of the year by several leading commercial industry magazines and award shows over the past few years , including 2010 by creativity magazine and has been awarded the palme dor three times at the cannes lions international advertising festival .
bbn technologies is an american high-technology company which provides research and development services . bbn is based next to fresh pond in cambridge , massachusetts , usa . it is a military contractor , primarily for darpa , and also known for its 1978 acoustical analysis for the house select committee on the assassination of john f. kennedy .
aprilia is an italian motorcycle company , one of the brands owned by piaggio . having started as a manufacturer of bicycles it moved on to manufacture scooters and small-capacity motorcycles . in more recent times aprilia has produced large sportbikes such as the 1,000 cc v-twin rsv mille and the v4 rsv4 . aprilia has enjoyed considerable success in road-racing .
imperial defence services ltd was a british based , privately owned firearms manufacturer . born in 1947 , mick ranger runs imperial defence services , which is based in the essex village of takeley . his firm has operations in bulgaria , cyprus , nigeria , australia , south africa and vietnam .
alaska usa federal credit union is a credit union headquartered in anchorage , alaska , chartered and regulated under the authority of the national credit union administration . in the united states , alaska usa is among the largest credit unions by assets , and among the 10 largest credit unions by membership .
cervejaria petrpolis is a brazilian brewery company headquartered in petrpolis . the company has 6 industrial plants located in petrpolis , boituva , terespolis , rondonpolis , alagoinhas and itapissuma , and operates in brazil , germany and paraguay . the company competes with ambev , brasil kirin , heineken and others .
agv sports group , inc. , based in frederick , maryland , designs and develops safety apparel for motorcycle road racing and sport use as well as snowmobile and bicycling apparel .
the bloom energy server is a solid oxide fuel cell power generator made by bloom energy , of sunnyvale , california , that takes a variety of input fuels , including liquid or gaseous hydrocarbons produced from biological sources , to produce electricity at or near the site where it will be used . it can withstand temperatures of up to 1,800 f . according to the company , a single cell generates 25 watts .
beam suntory , inc. is a subsidiary of suntory beverage & food ltd , which itself is a subsidiary of suntory holdings of osaka , japan . its headquarters are in chicago , illinois . it is the third largest producer of distilled beverages worldwide behind diageo and pernod ricard . the companys principal products include bourbon whiskey , tequila , scotch whisky , irish whiskey , canadian whisky , vodka , cognac , rum , cordials , and ready-to-drink pre-mixed cocktails .
powerstream holdings incorporated was an electric utility servicing communities north of toronto and in central ontario . its service areas included aurora , alliston , barrie , beeton , bradford west gwillimbury , penetanguishene , markham , richmond hill , thornton , tottenham and vaughan . powerstream merged with enersource and horizon utilities to form alectra on february 1 , 2017 .
orange slovensko , a.s. is a slovak mobile network operator , also offering fibre connections , since 15 january 1997 , when it became the first mobile operator in slovakia to operate the gsm digital mobile network at the 900 mhz frequency . on 15 november 1999 , the company launched the commercial operation of the mobile network in the 1800 mhz frequency band .
stuckeys is a roadside convenience store chain found on highways throughout the united states . stores are concentrated in the southeast , southwest , and midwest , although operations have existed as far east as connecticut and as far west as oregon . stuckeys corporation , the company operating the chains , has its headquarters in eastman , georgia .
lancel is a french luxury leather goods company , founded in paris in 1876 by angle and alphonse lancel and developed by their son albert . the company manufactured pipes before expanding into leather goods and handbags . it remained in the hands of the couples descendants until it was acquired in the late 1970s by the zorbibe brothers , who then launched the popular bucket-shaped elsa bag under chief executive sidney toledano , now ceo at dior .
bt communications limited is a telecommunications and internet company in ireland . it is a subsidiary of bt group plc.
total s.a. is a french multinational integrated oil and gas company and one of the seven supermajor oil companies in the world . its businesses cover the entire oil and gas chain , from crude oil and natural gas exploration and production to power generation , transportation , refining , petroleum product marketing , and international crude oil and product trading . total is also a large scale chemicals manufacturer .
gae , inc. , formerly global a entertainment , is a video game development studio located in kichijji , tokyo , japan . on february 12 , 2009 , it was renamed to gae , inc. the company is most well known for its popular dungeon maker series . they also released the cosmetick paradise series and akudaikan series . a recent notable game by the developer is my world my way for nintendo ds and playstation portable .
sea sonic electronics co. , ltd. is a power supply and computer psu manufacturer and retailer , formerly limited to trading hardware oem for other companies . they first started making power supplies for the pc industry in the 1980s . all of their psus are certified 80 plus .
edda media was a norwegian media group that owns a number of norwegian newspapers , television channels , radio channels and websites . the company is part of the mecom group and is the remaining domestic part of orkla media . in 2006 the newspapers in the edda group had 1,250,000 daily readers , a circulation of 257,128 and 800,000 unique web users . the corporation has 1,801 employees and head office in oslo .
pmftc , inc. is a joint-venture company between philip morris philippines manufacturing , inc. and fortune tobacco corporation . the company controls over 90 % of the philippine cigarette market . on february 25 , 2010 , both companies signed an agreement to unite their respective business activities by transferring selected assets and liabilities of both companies a new company namned pmftc , inc. , with each party holding an equal economic interest .
the ateliers et chantiers de france was a major shipyard that was established in dunkirk , france in 1898 . the shipyard boomed in the period before world war i , but struggled in the inter-war period . it was badly damaged during world war ii . in the first thirty years after the war the shipyard again experienced a boom and employed up to 3,000 workers making oil tankers , and then liquid natural gas tankers .
the overlook press is an american independent publishing house based in new york , new york , that considers itself a home for distinguished books that had been overlooked by larger houses .
enodis plc was a british multinational foodmaking equipment manufacturing company headquartered in london . a former ftse 250 index constituent , it was acquired by the american machinery manufacturer the manitowoc company in october 2008 , with its activities subsequently being fully integrated into those of manitowoc .
ebco industries is a custom-manufacturing company based in richmond , british columbia . ebco was founded by helmut and hugo eppich in 1956 as a small tool and die shop , and it has subsequently expanded into a 300,000 sq.
saltflow , inc. , was a dubai , united arab emirates-based group that operated businesses in the technology , construction , trade , and retail industries . the group had a major presence in dubai , beijing , moscow and in multiple north american cities . saltflow generated revenues in excess of $ 570 million annually .
irwin toy limited was a canadian distributor and manufacturer of toys . it was canadas oldest toy company and remained independent and family owned until 2001 .
som innovation biotech , s.l. , is a private pharmaceutical company founded in 2009 in barcelona , spain . the company is focused on drug repurposing for neurological rare diseases through its proprietary technology , which identifies new biological activities of a given drug . the companys business model is based on out-licensing its own programs and establishing joint-venture agreements for the development of repurposed drugs .
china shenhua energy company limited known as shenhua or china shenhua or shenhua energy is the largest coal mining state-owned enterprise in mainland china , and the largest coal mining enterprise in the world . it is a subsidiary of shenhua group . it is engaged in the production and sale of coal and the generation and sale of electric power in the prc . it operates coal mines as well as an integrated railway network and a seaport that are primarily used to transport its coal .
exco international was a leading british money brokering company . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index but was acquired by british & commonwealth holdings in 1986 .
le5 communications is a canadian media company . based in sudbury , ontario , the company operates radio stations and newspapers in the northeastern ontario region .
sachtler is a manufacturer of film and video camera support products and reporter lighting equipment . the company was founded in 1958 and was bought by great britains vitec group plc. in 1995 .
the forehand in tennis and other racket sports such as table tennis , squash and badminton is a shot made by swinging the racket across ones body with the hand moving palm-first . in tennis , except in the context of the phrase forehand volley , the term refers to a type of groundstrokea stroke in which the ball has bounced before it is struck . it contrasts with the backhand , the other type of groundstroke .
wowio is a publicly traded company based in the united states . wowio , inc. has , historically , operated a digital media and technology development company with a patented process and a proprietary mobile ad-delivery platform that planned to disrupt the ebook distribution landscape by exploiting a previously untapped marketplace : ad-supported ebooks .
skurnik wines is a wine and spirits importer and distributor in the united states based in new york city , representing over 300 brands .
vidoop llc was a privately held company based in portland , oregon . its flagship product was vidoop secure , a login solution designed to function without traditional passwords , which vidoop claimed was resistant to brute force , keystroke logging , phishing , and some man-in-the-middle attacks . on 30 may 2009 , vidoop announced that it was going out of business .
tex corp is an indian multinational manufacturer of zippers , sliders and other fastening products . headquartered in gurgaon , it supplies global fashion retailers primarily in europe and the usa .
kalahari tea imported , distributed and sold via its web site a variety of specialty teas . founded by ned fitch and david abrahams , the company focused in particular on south african rooibos or red tea , which it sold in giant eagle and gnc stores . additional lines included its chocolatte green tea , citrus-flavored oolong teas , all of which were carried in publix grocery stores .
arcelor s.a. was the worlds largest steel producer in terms of turnover and the second largest in terms of steel output , with a turnover of 30.2 billion and shipments of 45 million metric tons of steel in 2004 . the company was created by a merger of the former companies aceralia , usinor and arbed in 2002 . arcelor is now part of arcelormittal after a takeover from mittal in 2006 .
the pulse on tour is an international traveling dance convention and workshop focused on non-competitive training . past and present faculty include choreographers for americas best dance crew , so you think you can dance , x factor , and americas got talent . pulse staff have garnered industry recognition for their work , with nominations for emmy awards , vh1 awards , teen choice awards , mtv movie awards , and more .
housing finance bank is a commercial bank in uganda . it is one of the commercial banks licensed by bank of uganda , the national banking regulator .
bt group plc is a british multinational telecommunications holding company with head offices in london , united kingdom . it has operations in around 180 countries and is the largest provider of fixed-line , mobile and broadband services in the uk , and also provides subscription television and it services . bts origins date back to the founding of the electric telegraph company in 1846 which developed a nationwide communications network .
powerfin propellers , is an american manufacturer of composite propellers for homebuilt , light-sport and ultralight aircraft , as well as wind power generation systems . the company headquarters is located in hurricane , utah , although it was formerly in el campo , texas and originated in arlington , washington .
cdi corporation is a multinational company providing engineering , information technology and staffing services to clients in a range of industries including energy , chemical , aerospace , defense , transportation and financial services . the company employs 900 staffers and approximately 7,500 billable employees , and is headquartered in philadelphia , pa .
post consumer brands is an american consumer cereal brand that includes honey bunches of oats , pebbles , great grains , post shredded wheat , post raisin bran , grape-nuts , honeycomb , frosted mini spooners , golden puffs , ohs , cinnamon toasters , fruity dyno-bites , cocoa dyno-bites , berry colossal crunch and malt-o-meal hot wheat cereal .
american national bank of texas is an independently owned bank with 28 branches in north texas , providing personal and business banking services . founded in 1875 , it reports over $ 2.5 billion in total assets and ranks as the 27th largest bank in texas , according to size of total assets as of december 31 , 2014 . anbtx is a member of the federal deposit insurance corporation and participates in the deposit insurance fund .
moscow electric lamp plant is a company based in moscow , russia . the moscow electric lamp production association has been a leader in the development and production of vacuum tubes for both civil and military use . it is a major producer of cathode ray tubes for color television receivers , and for many years was one of the largest producers in russia of photoelectronic multiplier tubes .
headquartered in abu dhabi in the united arab emirates , caracal international llc is the regions leading original equipment manufacturer small arms producer with a portfolio including the latest technology 9mm striker-fired combat pistol , 9mm submachine gun in standard , compact and suppressed versions , three ar15 derived tactical rifles and three modular sniper rifles for use by civilians or professional law enforcement and military operators .
the phone co-op is a consumer co-operative in the united kingdom , which provides landline , mobile telephone and internet services , including web hosting and broadband . it is entirely owned by its customer-members who democratically control the business and who share in its profits . this makes the phone co-op the only telephone co-operative in the uk . the co-op is a social enterprise and was awarded the title of uk customer-facing social enterprise of the year 2015 .
charoen pokphand foods public company limited , a company of the charoen pokphand group , is an agro-industrial and food conglomerate headquartered in thailand . approximately 64 % of its revenue came from overseas operations , with 30 % from its home market of thailand , and 6 % from export operations .
swan song records was a record label launched by the english rock band led zeppelin on 10 may 1974 . it was overseen by led zeppelins manager peter grant and was a vehicle for the band to promote its own products as well as sign artists who found it difficult to win contracts with other major labels . the decision to launch the label came after led zeppelins five-year contract with atlantic records expired at the end of 1973 , although atlantic ultimately distributed the labels product .
ipg photonics is a manufacturer of fiber lasers and fiber amplifiers . ipg is headquartered in oxford , massachusetts , and operates internationally . ipg photonics developed and commercialized optical fiber lasers , which are used in a variety of applications including materials processing , medical applications and telecommunications . ipg has manufacturing facilities in the united states , germany , russia and italy .
mahaka media with the tagline beyond media creation , is a multiplatform media company that creates , sells , aggregates and delivers community content through whatever platform consumers demand . in line with the growth of its businesses , pt mahaka media tbk has now become a holding company with business units including newspaper , magazine , book publisher , television , radio , outdoor media , and digital .
trivandrum rubber works is a public sector manufacturing industry in thiruvananthapuram , kerala , india . its manufactured products include , retreaded metals , bonding gum and unvulcanised sheets . it was promoted by kerala state industrial development corporation .
afilias plc is the registry operator of the . info , . mobi and . pro top-level domain , service provider for registry operators of . org , . ngo , . lgbt , . asia , . aero , and a provider of domain name registry services for countries around the world , including . mn , . ag , . bm , . bz , . gi , . in , . me , . sc , and . vc . . au .
viking global investors is an american-based hedge fund based in greenwich , connecticut . it was established in october 1999 by its ceo and risk manager , ole andreas halvorsen . in july 2014 , they had $ 28.8 billion under management . on june 12 , 2017 , viking global investors announced that it was returning $ 8 billion to investors to reset to a smaller size .
de havilland aviation was originally a licensed aircraft company based in bournemouth , united kingdom . it maintained and operated a number of post-war vintage and modern aircraft , owned by both the company and on behalf of private clients . its most noteworthy restoration project was restoring the de havilland dh110 sea vixen xp924 back to flightworthy status at its time , the most complex aircraft restoration project ever undertaken .
revol wireless was a regional wireless carrier based in independence , ohio , united states that offered flat-rate , unlimited talk-time wireless service in some midwest us markets . the company ceased business january 16 , 2014 and sold its wireless licenses to sprint corporation .
bleeding art industries is an entertainment production company focused on creative content production , special effects , custom fabrication , product sales , and equipment rentals . it is based out of calgary , canada . the company is known for its work in the film , television , performing arts , themed exhibit , military simulation , and live event industries . bleeding art industries was founded by leo wieser in 2002 .
cielo is the largest brazilian credit and debit card operator . cielo is the biggest payment system company in latin america by revenue and market value .
established in 2003 , ddamas is a joint venture between gitanjali & damas , dubai . the s & d model of ddamas consists of b2b , b2c , franchisee , corporate & e-commerce verticals spread across 1000 + retailers in 400 towns . ddamas has the largest single brand exclusive franchise network in india & is the first diamond jewellery brand to have retail operations abroad as well .
peoles , based in mexico city , mexico , is a subsidiary company 100 percent mexican and owned by the private grupo bal . peoles is the second largest mexican mining company , the first mexican producer of gold , zinc and lead and the world leader in silver production . peoles is a company with active mines within mexico and with some prospection projects in south america . holdings includes the fresnillo silver mine / mina proao , the met-mex peoles metallurgical complex and qumica del .
auto research center , also known as arc indy , is a research and development company with headquarters in indianapolis , indiana usa . it was founded as reynard motorsports north american headquarters , and became its own company in 2002 .
kinetic honda was a joint venture between kinetic engineering limited , india and honda motor company , japan . kinetic was the first company to have a joint venture with hmsi . the jv operated during 1984 - 1998 , manufacturing two-stroke scooters in india . in 1998 , the joint venture was terminated after which kinetic engineering continued to sell the models under the brand name kinetic until 2008 when the interests were sold to mahindra .
flex comix is a japanese company specializing in the sale of manga magazines and goods related to the anime and manga industry in japan . flex comix is affiliated with asian groove and soft bank bb , forming the movida holdings joint-investment company . the company publishes two magazines : comi digi + , and monthly shnen blood , which has been suspended . flex comix also has two webcomic magazines : flexcomix blood and flexcomix flare .
the kerala state road transport corporation nicknamed aanavandi is the state-run bus company in kerala , india . it is one of the oldest state run public bus transport services in india and is headquartered in thiruvananthapuram .
pacific royale airways was an indonesian commercial airline which received its government flight license in november 2011 . it received a formal air operators certificate in may 2012 , and made its first flight on june 11 , 2012 . it was reported in november 2012 that the airlines license had been revoked .
eisenhuth horseless vehicle company was a manufacturer of brass age automobiles who were originally based in new york city . in 1902 the company purchased the keating wheel and automobile company and established manufacturing operations in middletown , connecticut . during 1903 , the company merged with the graham fox motor car company , absorbing that firm and expanding operations in middletown .
garlock sealing technologies , a subsidiary of enpro industries , produces klozure dynamic seals and other sealing products . garlock has a global presence , with 1,887 employees , at 15 facilities , in eight countries .
m1 limited is one of the three major telcos operating in the republic of singapore , the other two being starhub and singtel . as at 22 february 2017 , major shareholders include axiata investments , keppel telecoms and sph multimedia . the remaining shares are owned by institutional and public investors .
mosaica education , inc. is an education management organization that operates preschool , elementary , middle and high school programs in the united states , united kingdom and india in addition to other countries through mosaica online . mosaica education was founded in 1997 . it acquired advantage schools , inc. , in 2001 . mosaica educations primary focus is developing charter school programs in the united states that use its proprietary paragon curriculum .
kaufmann is a surname with many variants such as kauffmann , kaufman , and kauffman . in german , the name means merchant . it is the cognate of the english chapman . often it is a jewish name . kaufmann may refer to : .
dsg holdings australia pty ltd , trading as discount superstores group was a discount variety retailer in australia , formed in 2013 following the liquidation of former company retail adventures . it owned the sams warehouse and crazy clarks brands , operating 143 stores . it is owned by australian-new zealand businesswoman jan cameron . it was announced on 1 july 2014 that the chain has entered receivership for the fourth time in 8 years .
myc4 a/s is a company that allowed its users to invest microcredits via an internet-platform in medium and small businesses in developing countries in africa . on december 7 , 2016 , the myc4 foundation informed its investors it has decided to cease its activity and to liquidate as solvent . the myc4 foundation was the independent , non-profit entity , accepting funds from donors and holding investors money on escrow and separate from myc4 a/s .
the food emporium is a chain of grocery stores in new york and new jersey . the supermarket banner was created by shopwell inc. , whose roots can be traced to daitch crystal dairies . shopwell inc. was acquired by the great atlantic & pacific tea company in 1986 and at the time , the company operated the upscale , gourmet banner stores in new york city , westchester county , ny and fairfield county , connecticut .
famous daves of america is a chain of barbecue restaurants serving pork ribs , chicken , beef brisket , and several flavors of barbecue sauce . dave anderson , an ojibwe who served as the head of the federal bureau of indian affairs from 2004 to 2005 , started the first famous daves restaurant near hayward , wisconsin in 1994 . the restaurant chain grew throughout the midwestern united states , and puerto rico in 2014 . it has 152 locations in 33 u.s. states as of 2018 .
palace software was a british video game publisher and developer during the 1980s based in london , england . it was notable for the barbarian and cauldron series of games for 8-bit home computer platforms , in particular the zx spectrum , amstrad cpc and commodore 64 . it caused some controversy with its advertisements in computer magazines , particularly for barbarian ii : the dungeon of drax which featured page three girl maria whittaker as a scantily-clad female warrior .
the rivers state bureau on public procurement is a regulatory agency within the government of rivers state that regulates , monitors and oversees public procurement , ensuring that its conduct in the state follows laid down rules , is accountable , transparent and delivers value for money . it was created by the rivers state public procurement law no. 4 of 2008 .
the shumerlya special vehicles plant is a monotown enterprise within the russian military-industrial complex , a major developer and manufacturer of special purpose equipment in russia . one of the largest russian exporters of special purpose machinery . the company is located in shumerlya .
tradeweb markets llc is an international financial services company that builds and operates electronic over-the-counter marketplaces for companies that trade fixed income products and derivatives . the company was founded in 1996 by lee olesky and jim toffey and now serves a variety of institutions , a network that includes the largest banks , asset managers , central banks , pension funds , and insurance companies .
uhaul car share is a for-profit carsharing service offered by u-haul in nearly 40 cities in the united states . those with a uhaul car share membership may have use of a car , billable by the hour or by the day . however , use is generally limited to three days at a time . most often , uhaul car share vehicles are operated in communities with colleges and/or universities nearby .
welltec is an international provider of robotic well solutions for the oil and gas industry . the companys flagship is the well tractor , a remote-controlled device that is able to convey other intervention tools and perform operations on wireline . the well tractor enables operators to run operations on wireline in the entire length of horizontal and highly deviated wells . with the ability to reach the end of these well types , recoverable reserves are increased .
renco group is a new york city-based holding company controlled by ira rennert that invests in other companies across a range of industries .
restoque is a brazilian retail company founded in 1982 , focused on the sale of clothing , accessories and cosmetics of the highest standard . restoque operates in brazil , italy and panam and is listed on the bm & f bovespa . it is headquartered in so paulo and has an office in blumenau . the company has 308 stores divided into five brands : le lis blanc deaux , dudalina , rosa ch , john john and bo.b .
nivio was a company marketing desktop virtualization services that allow a customer to use computer application software without a personal computer .
may 3rd films is a film and television production company founded in 2003 by noted filmmaker kirk fraser .
aladdin paperbacks is one of several childrens-book imprints owned by simon & schuster . it was established by jean e. karl at atheneum books where she was the founding director of the childrens department . atheneum merged with or was acquired by scribners in 1978 , then macmillan in 1984 , before the acquisition by simon & schuster in 1994 . there may have been previous uses of aladdin as a brand name in the book industry .
china everbright limited is a hong kong based financial services company in asset management , investment and merchant bank in the greater china region , including mainland china and hong kong .
cartamundi group , also called cartamundi , is a belgian company , based in turnhout , that manufactures , produces and sells board games , card games , collectible card games , packages and playing cards through its manufacturing and sales subsidiaries . the name of the company in latin means cards for the world . it is one of the worlds largest playing card manufacturers with its core market in western europe .
daon is an international biometrics and identity assurance software company founded in 1999 by irish entrepreneur dermot desmond . the name , daon , was chosen because it stems from the celtic word for human being , duine daonna . daons primary business is in software development where they create and integrate biometric identity assurance systems such as facial recognition , voice recognition , fingerprints , retina scans , and vein patterns to verify a persons identity .
abellio deutschland is a public transit operator in germany which operates both bus and rail networks . the headquarters of the company are in berlin . abellio deutschland is part of the abellio group , the international expansion arm of the nederlandse spoorwegen .
wke is an independently owned american production company and arts and culture delivery channel , a subsidiary of the advertising agency wieden + kennedy . the site contains material from a number of contributors , as well as original materials created by w + k under the creative direction of filmmaker aaron rose .
carbon clear is a sustainability consultancy specialising in helping organisations to reduce their environmental impact . carbon clear is a founding member of the international carbon reduction and offset alliance .
udaya pictures is the oldest film production studio in the malayalam film industry of india . it was established in 1942 by director-producer kunchacko and film distributor k. v. koshy in pathirappally , alappuzha in kerala . the studio influenced the gradual shift of malayalam film industry from its original base of madras , tamil nadu to kerala , now considered a miletsone in the history of malayalam film industry .
the greenbrier companies is an american publicly-traded transportation manufacturing corporation based in lake oswego , oregon , united states . greenbrier specializes in transportation services , notably barge and railroad car manufacturing , railroad car refurbishment , and railroad car leasing/management services . as of 2015 , greenbrier employs in excess of 10,689 people combined at its operations in europe , mexico , canada , and the united states .
south fellini is an american film , graphic novel and apparel studio established by tony trov and johnny zito in 2010 .
towers perrin was a professional services firm specialising in human resources and financial services consulting , which merged in january 2010 with watson wyatt to form towers watson . the firm was a provider of reinsurance intermediary services and was active in the actuarial consulting arena with its tillinghast insurance consulting practice .
bcycle is a public bicycle sharing company owned by trek bicycle . and is based in waterloo , wisconsin , united states . it has 47 local systems operating in cities across the united states . however , in several cities it operates under a name other than bcycle .
gk films is a british film and television production company founded in 1990 by graham king .
universal protection service is a private security company in the united states .
evga s.a. is a large greek dairy product producer , with headquarters in athens , founded in 1934 . the company produces ice cream , juices , croissants and frozen pastry products . evga exports to europe and the usa , and produces products for third-party companies .
mcm worldwide is a leather luxury goods brand founded by michael lopez and bought out by sungjoo group in 2005 . the brands signature logo-printed material , called cognac visetos , appears on many of its products . its brass plate insignia is found on all heritage collection bag and most products each brass plate is identified by a unique number at the bottom . mcm sells its products through wholesale accounts , franchises and directly operated stores .
pennsylvania real estate investment trust is a publicly traded real estate investment trust that invests in shopping centers in the mid-atlantic states .
galbraith is a property consultancy in scotland . the firm offers a range of property consulting services across commercial , residential and rural sectors .
freeplay energy ltd , , is a manufacturer and distributor of portable electrical or electronic products such as radios and lights , generally powered by hand cranked generators that charge rechargeable batteries . the company is based in london , uk .
mention is a social media and web monitoring tool . the media monitoring tool provides real-time alerts for a companys keyword and allows users to monitor millions of sources in real time and in 42 languages . mention can be accessed from a mobile app or the web-based app .
voiceobjects is a company that produces voicexml-based self-service phone portals which personalize each callers experience and provide mobile access that integrates speech recognition , touch-tone response , texting and mobile web . in december 2008 , voiceobjects was acquired by voxeo corporation . the voiceobjects products are since then part of the voxeo portfolio and the voiceobjects office and staff are now operating as voxeo germany . end of july 2013 .
vestviken kollektivtrafikk is the public transport administration for the county of vestfold in norway , formerly also buskerud and telemark . vkt is responsible for planning , organising and marketing bus transport in the county , but does not operate any buses . instead the operation is done by private companies based on public service obligation contracts or negotiations . vkt is organised as a limited company owned by the three county administrations .
manseer group is a holding company established in the year 1999 in jordan by ziad al manaseer who is currently its chairman . the company operates mainly in jordan and has activity in west bank as well and manages 16 subsidiary companies related to infrastructure , energy , business solutions , consumer products & services , chemicals .
brass tacks press , based in los angeles , has published over 50 books of poetry , prose , and comics since it was founded in 2002 by poets robert campbell , pablo capra , and richard mcdowell . a focus of brass tacks press has been to publish books about the lower topanga artists community , malibu , and downtown la .
privatbanen snderjylland aps was a danish railway operating company that existed between 1997 and 2001 . unlike other danish railway companies at the time , pbs was an attempt to provide railway service on a purely commercial basis and entirely unsubsidised . headquartered in tnder in south jutland , the company specialised in freight transport around most of jutland .
novosti a.d is a serbian media company founded in 1953 . among its assets , the company holds high-circulation daily veernje novosti as well as various periodicals . the company also has radio novosti , an fm station heard throughout greater belgrade . after decades of state ownership , the company was partly privatised in mid-2000s though the government of serbia still has substantial stake .
the ict group , also spelt ist group , is an investment venture based in russia . the company owns a number of russian businesses including a precious mineral extraction company polymetal , and united wagon company , russias largest manufacturer of freight railcars and one of the leading of rail transportation providers . in 2013 assets that were previously part of ict group formed an investment company ict holding ltd based in cyprus .
sirius canada was a canadian company , a partnership between slaight communications , the canadian broadcasting corporation and sirius satellite radio , which was one of three services licensed by the crtc on june 16 , 2005 to introduce satellite radio service to canada . on november 24 , 2010 , following the merger of sirius satellite radio and xm satellite radio in the united states , sirius canada and xm radio canada announced their own merger deal , subject to approval by shareholders and the crtc .
erste group bank ag is one of the largest financial services providers in central and eastern europe serving 15.7 million clients in over 2,700 branches in 7 countries .
kindred healthcare incorporated is a healthcare services company that operates hospitals , nursing centers , and contract rehabilitation services across the united states . kindred is the largest diversified post-acute healthcare provider in the u.s.kindreds headquarters and support center are located in louisville , kentucky . kindred is a fortune 500 company , ranked as # 376 in 2017 . in 2014 , kindred ranked 4th among health care : .
haras de jardy was a thoroughbred horse breeding operation established in 1890 in marnes-la-coquette france by the statesman edmond blanc . the farm became home to many important stallions including one of the leading sires in france and english triple crown champion , flying fox as well as others such as winkfields pride , val dor , ajax i , teddy , hermis and coaltown .
memex technology limited is a scottish software company delivering mission-critical information systems and services for the law enforcement and security markets . it is headquartered in peel park in east kilbride . in july 2010 it was acquired by sas institute inc. with the aim of expanding sas presence in the law enforcement market .
william denny and brothers limited , and often referred to simply as denny , was a scottish shipbuilding company .
endesa , s.a. is the largest electric utility company in spain . the firm , a majority-owned subsidiary of the italian utility company enel , has 10 million customers in spain , with domestic annual generation of over 97,600 gwh from nuclear , fossil-fueled , hydroelectric , and renewable resource power plants .
intrall , or international truck alliance , is a russo-british automotive company with headquarters in london , england , and manufacturing in poland . at the end of 2003 , the company acquired from intrall treasury factory of daewoo motor poland in lublin , then operating from january 2004 to 2007 years , called intrall poland . under the new production in 2005 , fsc lublin and honker models were produced under the intrall brand .
hollard group is a privately owned insurance group based in south africa that operates under two insurance licences : short term and life . the company was established in 1980 by robert enthoven , and the enthoven family retains the majority share , locally through the enthoven family trust and internationally through capricorn ventures international .
azericard is an azerbaijani bank card processing company . the international bank of azerbaijan owns 100 percent of azericard .
mynetfone australia pty ltd is part of the mnf group . that owns and operates australias largest voip network , which is also the 3rd largest interconnected voice network in the country . mynetfone provides broadband internet and cloud-based communication services to residential , business and government sectors .
lyondellbasell industries n.v. is a public multinational chemical company with american and european roots , incorporated in the netherlands , with u.s. operations headquarters in houston , texas , and global operations in london , uk . the company is the largest licensor of polyethylene and polypropylene technologies . it also produces ethylene , propylene , polyolefin , etbe , and styrene monomers .
betta home living is an independent retail franchise group providing home appliance and furniture in australia . it is based in the brisbane suburb of eagle farm , queensland . the chain is owned by the bsr franchising group .
m network was a video game division of mattel that , in the 1980s , produced games in cartridge format for the atari 2600 video game system .
sherwood co-operative association limited is a retail cooperative operating in regina , saskatchewan , canada .
epyx , inc. was a video game developer and publisher active in the late 1970s and 1980s . the company was founded as automated simulations by jim connelley and jon freeman , originally using epyx as a brand name for action-oriented games before renaming the company to match in 1983 . epyx published a long series of games through the 1980s , but nevertheless went bankrupt in 1989 before finally disappearing in 1993 .
circle oil is an oil and gas exploration and production company based in cork in the republic of ireland . its operations , all of which are in north africa , specifically egypt , morocco and tunisia , initially focussed on oil exploration but have expanded to include production . going concern summarymoroccocircle oil maroc ltd. , a wholly owned subsidiary of circle oil plc signed an exploration and exploitation agreement with onhym -LRB- .
banca popolare di bergamo s.p.a. is an italian bank based in bergamo , lombardy . the bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of ubi banca .
addition elle is a canadian clothing store chain that sells plus-size clothing .
peltarion corporation is a european software development corporation with its headquarters in stockholm , sweden . it specializes in artificial neural networks and adaptive systems and makes software tools for developing them .
equicom savings bank , inc. is a duly licensed thrift bank majority owned by the equicom group and mr. antonio l. go . mr. go was the former chairman of equitable pci bank and was also founder and president of equitable card network established in 1989 . equicom savings bank was the philippines leading credit card company and also had the distinction of being the only card issuer which carried the four major global credit card brands visa , mastercard , american express and jcb .
seven45 studios is the video game publishing & development division of first act . the companys titles fuse innovative and entertaining gameplay with the world of music .
planet smoothie is the third largest american chain of smoothie stores serving smoothies . the company was founded in 1995 by martin sprock in atlanta , georgia , and currently operates more than 100 locations . in november , 2011 , planet smoothie was acquired by tasti d-lite llc who also operates tasti d-lite stores .
reliance institute of life sciences , established by dhirubhai ambani foundation , is an institution of higher education in various fields of life sciences and related technologies .
altana ag is a german chemical company headquartered in wesel . it was created in 1977 through the spin-off of divisions of the varta group . the first ceo was herbert quandt . the group comprises the divisions byk , eckart , elantas and actega -LRB- coatings and sealant compounds for the packaging .
sandridge energy , inc. is a petroleum and natural gas exploration and production company organized in delaware and headquartered in oklahoma city , oklahoma .
apev is a french aircraft manufacturer , founded by daniel dalby in 1997 and based in peynier . the organization specializes in the design and manufacture of very light and inexpensive homebuilt aircraft .
babcock borsig service gmbh is the parent company of babcock borsig service group . bbs gmbh is an international service provider in the energy-producing industry , with around 2,800 employees .
hesteel group company limited is a chinese iron and steel manufacturing conglomerate , also known as hesteel group or its pinyin shortname hegang . the company was also known as hebei iron and steel group co. , ltd. or hbis until 2016 . hesteel .
custom house is a canadian foreign exchange and money transfers company based in victoria , british columbia . it was acquired by western union in 2009 and now forms part of that companys western union business solutions division . in 2015 , custom houses founder , peter gustavson , incorporated a new foreign exchange and global payment company , encorefx .
armas ugartechea is a basque shotgun manufacturer located in eibar , spain . it produces several models of double-barreled shotgun .
specialmoves is an interactive production studio based in exmouth market , london . it has direct clients and works as a production resource for creative agencies and media owners . specialmoves designs and builds websites and online marketing . darrell wilkins founded specialmoves in 1999 .
silvercorp metals inc. is a canadian-based , china focused precious metals company engaged in the acquisition , exploration , and development of silver containing properties . it is chinas largest primary silver producer .
institute of sindhology is one of the major resources on the history of sindh . it was the first research institution of its kind , and brought sindhology to the forefront of international research . sindhology is referred to as knowledge about sindh . the history and culture of sindh has been shaped by the indus river . the lifeline of sindh , brings minerals and soil from the himalayas to the region and flows into the arabian sea at the indus river delta located in sindh .
aluar is the only aluminium smelter in argentina and one of the largest in south america . established in 1970 as a partnership between synthetic rubber maker fate , businessman jos ber gelbard , and other private investors , aluar obtained an exclusive licence to produce aluminum from the military regime of general alejandro lanusse , who sought to make argentina self-sufficient in the critical industrial staple .
endemol is a dutch-based media company that produced and distributed multiplatform entertainment content . the company annually produced more than 15,000 hours of programming across scripted and non-scripted genres , including drama , reality tv , comedy , game shows , entertainment , factual and childrens programming . endemol comprised a global network of operations in more than 30 countries and works with over 300 broadcasters , digital platforms and licensees worldwide .
disney music group is the music recording arm of walt disney studios , a division of the walt disney company . the divisions subsidiaries consist of two owned record labelswalt disney records , hollywood recordsand disney music publishing , the publishing entity that administers the companys music , as well as disney concerts . the president of the group is ken bunt , who reports to alan f. horn , the chairman of the walt disney studios .
braeburn capital inc. is an asset management company based in reno , nevada and a subsidiary of apple inc. its offices are located at 6900 s. mccarran boulevard in reno .
the metropol verlag is a german publishing house , established in 1988 and generally acknowledged as one of the leading publishers on the nazi era and the history of the gdr.the company was founded in west berlin by friedrich veitl . together with s. fischer , kiepenheuer & witsch , rowohlt , and other publishers , it was a member of the article 19 publisher , who in 1989 printed salman rushdie the satanic verses in germany . metropol publishes mainly books in german .
valtion lentokonetehdas was a finnish aircraft manufacturing company that was founded on 23 february 1928 from the ivl or i.v.l. factory . the company was transferred from being subordinate to the finnish air force to being subordinate to the ministry of defence . the company , and its products were named with the prefix vl .
lakes entertainment , inc. was a gaming company based in minnetonka , minnesota . it merged with golden gaming in 2015 to form golden entertainment .
control group was a technology and design consultancy firm , founded in 2001 in lower manhattan , new york city , by campbell hyers , scott anderson , and colin odonnell . on june 23 , 2015 , control group and advertising firm titan announced their merger into one company , known as intersection , and acquisition by a consortium of investors led by sidewalk labs , a subsidiary of google .
dentek oral care , inc. is an american private company that develops , manufactures and markets oral care products , including floss picks , interdental brushes , disposable picks , tongue cleaners and dental guards . dentek was founded in 1985 by john jansheski . his father dr. john jansheski invented an at-home tartar removal device , known to many as the dental pick . dentek is a leader in american retail sales of manual dental tools and accessories .
360learning is a for-profit educational technology company offering a saas learning management system . the paris , france-based company sells access to its system by packages of users over periods of time such as 12/24/36 months .
bird kingdom is an aviary in the tourist district of niagara falls , ontario , canada . opened in may 2003 , it is the largest free flying indoor aviary in the world . the attraction encompasses approximately 45,000 square feet , and houses over 350 birds , the majority of which come from australia , south america , and africa . it is also home to mammals , reptiles and amphibians which are part of educational programs .
jameco electronics is an american electronic component and tool distributor . it was founded in 1974 by dennis farrey in silicon valley , san francisco , california and is currently headquartered in belmont , california , where it also operates a brick and mortar store .
compass minerals international , inc is a united states listed public company that , through its subsidiaries , is a leading producer of minerals , including salt , magnesium chloride , sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products . based in kansas city , the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in north america and the united kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide .
birks group is a designer , manufacturer and retailer of jewellery , timepieces , silverware and gifts , with stores and manufacturing facilities located in canada and the united states . as of october 2017 , it operates stores under two different retail banners : 28 maison birks stores across canada and 2 brinkhaus stores in vancouver and calgary . the company also operates one rolex-branded store in orlando .
import.io is a web-based platform for extracting data from websites without writing any code . the tool allows people to convert unstructured web data into a structured format for use in machine learning , artificial intelligence , retail price monitoring , store locators as well as academic and other research . it is also used extensively by investigative journalists .
personyze is a web 2.0 start-up company based in tel aviv , israel , that provides software as a service for website personalization .
propper is a manufacturer of clothing and gear for tactical , law enforcement , public safety , and military applications . since 1967 it has been one of the main uniform suppliers to the united states military .
greentown china holdings limited , headquartered in hangzhou , zhejiang , is one of the leading privately held residential property developers in china and the largest property developer in zhejiang province . it does not only focus on its home market of hangzhou , but also has operations in shanghai , beijing , changsha and other select cities .
the betway group is a global online gambling company providing entertainment across a number of brands including betway sportsbook , betway casino , betway vegas , betway bingo and betway poker . the group also operate a number of other brands including dream bingo , bingo on the box and spin casino .
wine-searcher is a web search engine enabling users to locate the price and availability of a given wine , spirit or beer globally , and be directed to a retail outlet selling the alcoholic beverage . as of april 2018 , wine-searcher had 8.6 million wine listings from 90,952 outlets globally . the site also includes an encyclopedia of wine regions , grape varieties and wine producers .
ipass inc is an american multinational company headquartered in redwood shores , california that provides global mobile connectivity solutions . the firm was first incorporated in california in july 1996 and later reincorporated in delaware in june 2000 . the companys stock was added to the nasdaq on july 24 , 2003 .
schneider kreuznach is the abbreviated name of the company jos. schneider optische werke gmbh , which is sometimes also simply referred to as schneider . they are a manufacturer of industrial and photographic optics . the company was founded on 18 january 1913 by joseph schneider as optische anstalt jos. schneider & co. at bad kreuznach in germany . the company changed its name to jos. schneider & co. , optische werke , kreuznach in 1922 , and to the current jos.
conrad editora is a book publishing company in brazil . generally known as one of the most popular distributors of manga and manhwa in the brazilian portuguese language .
northern ireland electricity networks limited is the electricity asset owner of the transmission and distribution infrastructure in northern ireland . nie networks does not generate or supply electricity . nie networks is a subsidiary of esb group . nie networks has three transmission interconnectors with the electricity supply board transmission grid in the republic of ireland .
the islamabad stock exchange is a stock exchange located in islamabad , capital territory , pakistan . in 2016 , it merged with the pakistan stock exchange .
metabolix , inc. is a bioplastics technology development and commercialization company founded in 1992 . metabolix is an advanced biomaterials company focused on sustainable solutions for the plastics and chemicals industries . the companys headquarters is located in cambridge , massachusetts . since 2006 metabolix has been a publicly traded company . as of december 2013 , metabolix has approximately 100 full-time employees and offices in the us , canada , and germany .
bank of utah is a federally-insured community bank , with corporate headquarters in ogden , utah . it is part of the utah bankers association , the american bankers association , and the federal deposit insurance corporation . douglas l. defries has been president of bank of utah since january 2011 . as of july 3 , 2017 , the company held just over $ 1.1 billion in assets with over 300 employees .
uti holdings is a large holding company in romania structured in four divisions : security and defence systems , information technology and communications , installations and constructionsfacility management .
tyco toys was an american toy manufacturer . from 1997 , it was a division of mattel , inc.
trkiye demiryolu makinalar sanayi a. . or tdemsa is a rail car builder headquartered in sivas , turkey . the company is a government owned corporation that was founded in 1939 . tdemsa is the main supplier of freight cars for the turkish state railways . the y32 bogi was designed by tdemsa .
mitropa was a catering company best known for having managed sleeping and dining cars of different german railways for most of the 20th century . founded in 1916 , the name mitropa is an acronym of mitteleuropa . the railway carriages displayed a distinct burgundy-red livery with the mitropa logo . since a 2002 reorganization , when the onboard catering branch was taken over by db fernverkehr , the company only provided stationary food services for rail and road customers .
bethmann bank ag is a german private bank headquartered in frankfurt am main . it is a subsidiary of the dutch abn amro bank n.v. and was the product of a merger between the historical german banks delbrck , bethmann and maffei under the umbrella of the renowned dutch abn amro bank . lgt bank deutschland joined this group in 2011 . bethmann bank acquired the german private banking activities of credit suisse in december 2013 .
redbana corporation is a publisher of online games and mmorpgs .
norrmejerier is a swedish dairy company . norrmejerier was formed in 1971 when the vsterbottens sdra mejerifrening , skellefteortens mejerifrening and lappmarkens mejerifrening were combined . norrbottens lns producentfrening was incorporated in 1992 . norrmejerier is the sole producer of vsterbotten cheese .
deedle-dee productions is a television production company owned by greg daniels . it is known for producing the long-running series king of the hill , the office and parks and recreation . the deedle-dee productions logo is a blue screen with the company name written in fluorescent-colored letters . these were drawn by greg danielss son .
foster-miller , inc. , is a united states-based military robotics manufacturer , a division of the united kingdoms qinetiq north america . its two best-known products are talon robots and last armor . founded and based in waltham , massachusetts , it has offices in washington , d.c. , albany , new york , and near boston .
rci is a timeshare exchange company with over 4,300 affiliated resorts in 110 countries . founded in indiana in 1974 by jon and christel dehaan , rci is one of the two main timeshare exchange businesses , along with interval international . rci is part of wyndham destination network and the wyndham worldwide family of brands .
primitive entertainment is a canadian film and television production company . the company was founded in 1990 . primitive entertainment focuses on documentary feature films and television series , which have won more than forty domestic and international awards .
crescent capital group is an alternative investment firm focused on below investment grade credit markets with primary strategies that include funds that invest in senior bank loans , high-yield debt , mezzanine debt , special situations , and distressed securities . the firm has approximately $ 25 billion of assets under management and has made investments in over 190 companies since its inception as well as expanded into the european market with operations based in london .
freshman guitars is a scottish guitar company launched in 2002 , producing acoustic and electric guitars and ukuleles globally . freshman was founded by sean kelly and is part of access all areas distribution based in east kilbride . for tartan week 2007 in new york city , freshman created a special guitar and it was the limited black tartan model . it was introduced by sandi thom during the fashion show at the dressed to kilt party in manhattan .
icon jewels is an international jewelry based company in the united states . a vertically integrated company , icon jewels operations comprise the design , manufacture and retail distribution of high-end investment grade diamonds and gems . icon has a long standing history of private placement and sales to royalty of spain , portugal , russia , greece , belgium , romania , saudi arabia , monaco , and many hollywood celebrities .
tuff shed incorporated is a manufacturer and installer of storage buildings and garages in the united states . the company currently operates multiple factories in multiple states . tuff shed carries a variety of products , ranging from small storage sheds to garages to large custom buildings , sold direct and through factory outlets .
trw inc. was an american corporation involved in a variety of businesses , mainly aerospace , automotive , and credit reporting . it was a pioneer in multiple fields including electronic components , integrated circuits , computers , software and systems engineering . trw built many spacecraft , including pioneer 1 , pioneer 10 , and several space-based observatories . it was # 57 on the 1986 fortune 500 list , and had 122,258 employees .
carlton sports , a leading producer of badminton rackets and shuttlecocks was established in 1946 . carlton sports became a subsidiary group of dunlop slazenger international located in greenville , south carolina , which is now owned by sports direct . most of the research is done at the carlton research and development centre in camberley , england . throughout its history the company has introduced a number of advances to the manufacture of badminton equipment .
transavia corporation was an australian aircraft manufacturer active between 1965 and 1985 .
ceresana is an international market research and consultancy company for the industrial sector headquartered in constance , germany . it was founded on january 1 , 2002 by oliver kutsch , who also is the companys ceo . an interdisciplinary team conducts analyses of various markets related to chemicals , plastics , packaging and industrial goods . up so far ceresana has published some 100 multi-client market reports .
electromagnetic geoservices asa is a norwegian geophysical services company using proprietary marine electromagnetic technology to support oil and gas companies in their search for offshore hydrocarbons . the administrative and research headquarters are located in trondheim . the company was established on february 1 , 2002 by the founders terje eidesmo , stle johansen and svein ellingsrud .
the poker hall of fame is the hall of fame of professional poker in the united states . founded in las vegas , it was created in 1979 by benny binion , the owner of the horseshoe casino , to preserve the names and legacies of the worlds greatest poker players and to serve as a tourist attraction to his casino . binion was known for the creative ways in which he marketed his casino .
view askew productions is an american film and television production company founded by kevin smith and scott mosier in 1994 . actors ben affleck , jeff anderson , matt damon , chris rock , walter flanagan , bryan johnson , jason lee , jason mewes , brian ohalloran , ethan suplee and smith himself are just some of the stars that frequently appear in projects under the view askew banner .
alectra incorporated , through its subsidiary alectra utilities corporation , is the electricity utility and distributor that serves municipalities north and west of toronto . the company was formed by the merger of the municipally-owned utilities enersource , horizon utilities , and powerstream on january 31 , 2017 .
fiesta mart inc. is a latino-american supermarket chain based in houston , texas that was established in 1972 . fiesta mart stores are located in texas . the chain uses a cartoon parrot as a mascot . as of 2004 it operated 34 supermarkets in greater houston , 16 supermarkets in other locations in texas , and 17 beverage mart liquor store locations . during the same year it had 7.5 % of the grocery market share in greater houston .
applied solar inc. is a company developing solar energy products and energy management applicationsespecially with photovoltaics for buildings . the company is located in california .
osf global services is a cloud technology consultant and technology integrator serving retail , healthcare , finance , enterprise human resources and other industries in 17 countries across north america , europe and asia . the companys expertise lies in leading ecommerce platforms , integrated content management systems , enterprise customer relationship management solutions and cloud application development .
mixbook is an internet-based photo design tool and photo product service based in palo alto , california . mixbooks service allows customers to design customized photo books , cards , calendars , canvas prints and photo prints through its online interface . mixbook derives its revenues by printing customized photo products and shipping it to customers .
stony hill vineyard is located south of the bothe-napa valley state park in the northern reaches of the city of saint helena , california . the vineyard is a family-owned business which remained under family control after the death of the founders in 1977 . annual output as of 2007 was 3,400 cases from 40 planted acres , c. 60 % of which are planted with chardonnay .
genki co. , ltd. is a japanese developer of computer and video games . it was founded in october 1990 by hiroshi hamagaki and tomo kimura , who left sega to form the company . the company is best known for its racing game titles .
ace team software s.a. is a chilean video game developer based in santiago . founded in 1997 by brothers andrs , carlos and edmundo bordeu , the company started out developing total conversions of video games until starting to develop their own games in 2002 .
axiom telecom was founded by an emirati entrepreneur , faisal al bannai , with four employees at the start of its operations in 1997 . axiom became the official distributors for mobile consumer brands in the uae and saudi arabia , including samsung , apple , lg , htc , huawei , nokia , blackberry , and the largest market share in the middle east .
tarmac is a british building materials company headquartered in solihull , england . the company was formed as lafarge tarmac in march 2013 , by the merger of anglo americans tarmac uk and lafarges operations in the united kingdom . in july 2014 , anglo american agreed to sell its stake to lafarge , to assist lafarge in its merger with holcim and allay competition concerns . prior to 1999 , tarmac plc was an aggregates to construction company dating from 1903 .
molina healthcare is a managed care company headquartered in long beach , california , united states . the company provides health insurance to individuals through government programs such as medicaid and medicare .
the moonscoop group was a french animation and production company that creates and publishes animated television series . its corporate headquarters were located in paris , france , along with offices in the united kingdom and the united states . it was established in 2003 . it is most famously known for code lyoko and its sequel series , code lyoko evolution .
oefun , inc. is an independent video game studio based in austin , texas . created in 2005 by ian dunlop , the companys mission is to develop fun and innovative video games . while the company intends to create games for a variety of platforms , they are currently an official nintendo developer , focused on titles for the nintendo ds and wii . oefun consists of a small team of developers , most of which are new to game development . dunlop , however , has over 18 years of experience in the industry .
kcb bank rwanda is a commercial bank in rwanda and a subsidiary of kenyan kcb group . it is one of the banks licensed by the national bank of rwanda , the countrys banking regulator . as of june 2015 , kcb rwanda was a medium-sized financial service provider , with estimated total assets of about us $ 190.2 million and shareholders equity of approximately us $ 16.3 million .
general fibre company , also known as the general moulding company , was an american manufacturer of a wide variety of fiber and plastic molded products . the company was known for its popular ariduk brand of duck and goose decoys . during world war ii , in partnership with the international hat company , general fibre was converted into a war factory for the production of military sun helmets .
sri venkateswara cine chitra was founded in the year 2002 , it is an indian motion picture production , and distribution established by b. v. s. n. prasad , an indian film producer . the company is based in hyderabad and had produced several successful telugu films . in 2012 , the production company announced a partnership with reliance entertainment . the first film in partnership with reliance , devudu chesina manushulu was released in august 2012 .
team ico was a japanese video game development studio led by game designer fumito ueda . it was part of sony interactive entertainment japan studios product development department # 1 , and had developed the games ico and shadow of the colossus , both for the playstation 2 . the team was also initially responsible for the last guardian before uedas departure in 2011 and the formation of a new company taking over development in 2014 .
magnum berhad is a company in malaysia known principally as a leader in gambling . formerly known as magnum corporation and magnum corporation berhad , the company was incorporated in december 1968 and was the first private company to be granted a license to promote , operate and manage 4-digit numbers forecast betting in malaysia . magnum was converted to a public company in 1970 and was subsequently listed on the kuala lumpur stock exchange in the same year .
hymer ag is a motorhome and caravan manufacturer , located in bad waldsee , germany . one of the largest manufacturers of motorhomes and caravans in europe , the listed company hymer ag owns the brands : burstner carado sunlight etrusco elddis hymer laika lmc niesmann + bischoff dethleffs eriba roadtrek as well as camping equipment wholesale movera . in february 2017 it acquired the explorer group based in consett , uk adding the elddis , buccaneer , compass and xplore brands to its portfolio .
picaboo is a web-based image self-publishing and printing service based in hanover , new hampshire . customers can upload their digital photos through picaboos in-browser application and create a variety of personalized photo products .
sydney airport corporation limited is a private company that operates and manages sydney airport in sydney , new south wales , australia . southern cross airports corporation holdings limited is the ultimate parent company of sacl , which is controlled by a number of entities including sydney airport holdings .
suncorp group limited is an australian finance , insurance , and banking corporation based in brisbane , queensland , australia . it is one of australias largest banks and its largest general insurance group , formed on 1 december 1996 by the merger of suncorp , metway bank and the queensland industry development corporation .
lock n load publishing is a developer and publisher of board and computer games , specifically strategy games and wargames . they are based out of colorado . from a small three-game beginning , lock n load publishing has grown to a game company offering over fifty products including the nations at war , world at war , lock n load , corps command , tank on tank series , command ops 2 , and a company magazine , line of fire .
reti bancarie s.p.a. was an intermediate holding company of banca popolare di lodi group . bpls subsidiary reverse takeover listed company banco di chiavari e della riviera ligure in 2003 . in 2006 it was absorbed into bpl .
navteq was an american chicago-based provider of geographic information system data and a major provider of base electronic navigable maps . the company was acquired by nokia in 2007/2008 , and fully merged into nokia in 2011 to form part of the here business unit .
united communication services limited is the largest cable operator in bangladesh . it is a consortium of cable operators and its main coverage area is the metropolitan city of dhaka . ucs claims to have 45-50 % of the cable tv market share in dhaka , and says its network reaches 70 % of the city .
gaz group is a russian automotive conglomerate headquartered in nizhny novgorod . it comprises 18 manufacturing facilities in eight regions of russia , as well as sales and service organizations . gaz group is the leading manufacturer of commercial vehicles in russia . gaz group produces light commercial and medium-duty vehicles , heavy-duty trucks , buses paz , kavz , liaz , cars , powertrain and automotive components .
two tribes b.v. is an independent video game developer based in harderwijk , netherlands . founded in 2001 by martijn reuvers and collin van ginkel , it develops its own intellectual property and games for franchises . as announced on 10 march 2016 , the office closed in september 2016 , after the release of rive . however , two tribes continues development of the nintendo switch version of rive , as well as supporting older games .
a-mobile is the second mobile phone operator of abkhazia behind aquafon , both in number of subscriptions and in age .
ge power manufactures jenbacher gas engines and cogeneration modules in the austrian town of jenbach in the tyrol . it is part of their distributed energy portfolio of products and is one of their gas engine technologies the other being waukesha engines . jenbacher emerged from the former jenbacher werke , which was founded in 1959 and manufactured gas and diesel engines , and locomotives . the company was bought out by general electric in 2003 and was renamed ge jenbacher gmbh & co. ohg .
avid audio is a north american digital audio technology company . it was founded in 1984 by peter gotcher and evan brooks . the company began as a project to raise money for the founders band , selling eprom chips for drum machines . it is a subsidiary of avid technology , and during 2010 the digidesign brand was phased out . avid audio products will continue to be produced and will now carry the avid brand name .
sir lindsay parkinson & company ltd , commonly known as sir lindsay parkinson & co. ltd or lindsay parkinson was a large civil engineering company in the uk .
vero software is a company based in cheltenham , england , that specialises in cad cam .
lifeway foods is an american health food company selling kefir founded in 1986 .
simca do brasil was a subsidiary of the now defunct french automaker simca and started out in the late 1950s assembling the simca vedette imported in kit form from france and selling it in three versions , the chambord , prsidence and rallye . later the company manufactured the radically restyled esplanada with improved engines and , with increasing control by the chrysler group over the french concern , was taken over by the american car giant as majority share holder .
the columbia aircraft manufacturing corporation was an aircraft manufacturer that designed and built light general aviation aircraft . in november 2007 it became a division of cessna .
zara is a spanish fast fashion retailer based in arteixo , galicia . the company was founded in 1975 by amancio ortega and rosala mera . it is the main brand of the inditex group , the worlds largest apparel retailer . the fashion group also owns brands such as massimo dutti , pull & bear , bershka , stradivarius , oysho , zara home , and uterqe . zara as of 2017 manages up to 20 clothing collections a year .
wells enterprises , inc. is an american food company and is the largest family-owned and managed ice cream manufacturer in the united states , based in lemars , iowa . it is the maker of blue bunny ice cream . wells is the third largest ice cream maker in the united states , with five percent market share behind nestl , and unilever . wells produces the blue bunny brand , along with 2nd st. creamery , bomb pop and several private label brands .
this place is a london , seattle and tokyo based agency focusing on user experience design . this place was set up by dusan hamlin , ben aldred and chloe kirton in 2013 based on the premise that user experience and design will be increasingly important for businesses to succeed in the future . the this place office in seattle was opened in 2016 .
seedinvest is an equity crowdfunding platform that connects startups with investors online . the company was founded in 2012 and launched in 2013 . seedinvest has focused on building liquidity in the platform by attracting high-net-worth individuals , family offices and venture capital firms . seedinvest screens and vets deals before allowing them to take advantage of the jobs act exemption permitting general solicitation .
affectiva is an emotion measurement technology company that grew out of mits media lab . affectiva has developed software to recognize human emotions based on facial cues or physiological responses . among its commercial applications , this emotion recognition technology is used to help brands improve their advertising and marketing messages . another major application has been in political polling .
manz ag is a german multinational engineering company active in the fields of automation , laser processesing , metrology , wet chemistry and roll-to-roll processing . these technologies are applied in the three strategic business units electronics , solar and energy storage . headquartered in reutlingen , baden-wrttemberg , the company has additional production centres in tbingen as well as international manufacturing sites in hungary , italy , slovakia , china and taiwan .
isle of capri casinos , inc. was a gaming company headquartered in creve coeur , missouri in greater st. louis which operates casinos and associated entertainment and lodging facilities in the united states . it operated 15 casinos in seven states across the u.s. , isle of capri properties have nearly 13 million visitors each year . these properties have a total of about 14,000 slot machines , 350 table games , 2,300 hotel rooms and three dozen restaurants .
metropolitan brewing is a brewery located in chicago , illinois that was founded in 2008 by husband and wife team doug hurst and tracy hurst . the brewery was originally located in a converted warehouse in a historically industrial area of the ravenswood neighborhood in chicago . in 2017 they moved to a larger facility with a tap room at 3057 n rockwell street in chicago . metropolitan focuses on brewing lagers in the traditional german style .
telford homes is a house-building company listed on the alternative investment market that specialises in developments in non-prime areas of london . in april 2018 it was reported that telford homes was expecting record profits and revenues for the financial year 2017/18 as a result of londons shortage of housing .
the el-ad group is an israel-based american real estate development company . the group controls many subsidiaries including elad properties , which is based in new york city , elad florida and el-ad canada , which is based in toronto , ontario . collectively , the el-ad group owns many landmarks across north america , including the historic plaza hotel , the grand madison and the metropolitan life insurance company tower in new york city .
the banca popolare di verona was an italian bank which became part of the banco popolare group , based in verona , north italy . currently it is a brand of banco popolare .
metacarta is a private company that provides geographic information extraction and search engine products . the company was founded in 2001 , and was acquired by nokia in 2010 . nokia subsequently spun out the enterprise products division and the metacarta brand to qbase . their headquarters are in reston , virginia , with additional offices located in springfield , ohio .
terra nova equipment ltd based in alfreton , derbyshire was founded in the early 1980s . they make high quality expedition tents which have been used by explorers for expeditions worldwide including to the poles . the best known tent produced by terra nova is the quasar which uses the particularly strong geodesic design .
the american film manufacturing company , also known as flying a studios , was an american motion picture production company . in 1915 , the formal name was changed to the american film company .
pcc community markets is a food cooperative based in seattle , washington . with over 58,000 members , it is the largest consumer-owned food cooperative in the united states . both members and non-members may shop at the retail locations , but members receive certain discounts . the organization currently operates eleven retail locations . six of the eleven stores are located in seattle .
selam bus line share company is one of the largest long distance bus companies in ethiopia . it was founded in 1996 by the tigray development association to address the nationwide need for public transportation . the firm commenced operations on 9 april 1996 with a fleet of 25 iveco buses . selam bus line currently provides service to more than 17 cities in ethiopia .
entanet international is a british wholesale isp and is a member of the internet service providers association .
bellamys australia is a major australian food and beverage company , and is the parent company of bellamys organic , australias largest organic infant formula producer .
assorted nuts animation studios , headquartered in karlstad , sweden , is an award-winning , independent animation studio and development/production house that creates animated films and characters . the studio makes animated feature films , tv series and on-demand content for international markets that , in the words of its founder , magnus jansson , has subjects spanning all age-groups and genres , from pre-school to family entertainment to adult comedy .
zywave , inc. is a software company headquartered in milwaukee , wisconsin that provides software as a service products for insurance brokers and financial planners . insurance product categories include agency management , data analysis , compliance , risk management and marketing tools , while its financial division produces planning tools primarily for wealth management .
snare books is a canadian independent book publisher . founded in spring of 2006 , and located in montreal , quebec , snare books is a publisher of contemporary poetry and prose fiction . they make a point of publishing canadian authors who specialize in experimental literature . although their main focus is on poetry , snare books has more recently expanded to pushing a limited number of experimental novels and short stories .
mediq is a dutch health care company , which provides pharmaceuticals and medical supplies , by operating apothecaries and by delivering to medical centres and patients . the company is active in 15 countries and in 2012 had a revenue of 2.61 billion . since 2013 it has been owned by advent international .
scotts shipbuilding and engineering company limited , often referred to simply as scotts , was a scottish shipbuilding company based in greenock on the river clyde . in its time in greenock , scotts built over 1,250 ships .
pt . nissan motor indonesia is a joint venture between nissan motors and the indomobil group . the company was founded in 1986 as pt . indocitra buana and is headquartered in jakarta , indonesia . the company adopted its current name in 2001 . the purwakarta plant was taken over from the former nissan manufacturers pt . indokaya and pt . ismac nissan .
scotiamocatta is the precious metal and base metal banking division of the bank of nova scotia .
science applications international corporation is an american company headquartered in reston , virginia that provides government services and information technology support .
maeda corporation is a japanese corporation which was established in 1919 . its main areas of business are building construction and civil engineering . maeda has domestic offices in eleven japanese cities , and overseas offices in thailand , hong kong , and india .
music zone was a music retailer in the united kingdom , formed in levenshulme in 1984 , as a market stall in longsight , manchester .
cassa di risparmio di fano s.p.a. was an italian saving bank based in fano , marche . the bank had 40 branches all in marche and umbria .
gafisa is a fourth largest brazilian residential construction and real estate company , after cyrela brazil realty , pdg s.a. mrv engenharia and brookfield incorporaes . it is based in so paulo and present in various cities of brazil . in the market since 1954 and specializes in projects of high standard , is also holding a number of other companies .
belize bank is the first , oldest continuing , and largest bank in belize . it has over bz $ 825 million in assets and bz $ 182 million of capital reserves . its network of 13 branches covers the entire country . bb has a 44 % market share in loans and 38 % market share in deposits . it maintains an international banking subsidiary in the turks and caicos islands .
crossmark , inc. , stylized as crossmark , is a sales and marketing services company that operates within the consumer goods industry . the company was established in 1905 by willis johnson and e. leslie hunt in fort smith , arkansas as a provision supply point for groups traveling to the oklahoma territory . crossmark contributes research and data to the food marketing institute . the company serves grocery , mass , club , drug , convenience store , and home improvement channels .
sichuan radio and television , is a major television network in china . the television network is owned by the sichuan provincial government . the network is based in chengdu in sichuan .
petland is a privately owned operator and franchisor of pet stores based in chillicothe , ohio . ed kunzelman founded the company in 1967 . petland currently operates 131 stores in the united states , and at least 63 in foreign markets including south africa , canada , japan , china , mexico , brazil and el salvador .
21vianet group claims to be the largest carrier-neutral internet and data center service provider in china . it is the exclusive operator of microsoft azure and office 365 services in china , and also houses data centers for ibm and others .
foundation systems limited is a british software company that provides accounting and business solutions to corporate clients . it was founded in 1982 in norwich and is part of american company infor global solutions . foundation systems provides a software portfolio based around their core offering of sunsystems , to mid-market organisations , predominantly in the united kingdom .
tnt express is an international courier delivery services company , now a subsidiary of fedex , with its headquarters in hoofddorp , netherlands . the firm has fully owned operations in 61 countries and delivers documents , parcels and pieces of freight to over 200 countries . the company recorded sales of 6.91 billion in 2015 . its major competitors include united parcel service and dhl express .
omega force is a japanese video game developer and a division of koei tecmo , founded in 1996 by akihiro suzuki and kenichi ogasawara , and is best known for the dynasty warriors video games .
wonderbly , previously lost my name , is an award winning independent technology and publishing business . launched in 2012 , wonderbly has sold over 2.7 million books in over two hundred countries around the world . wonderbly offers personalised childrens picture books as a direct to consumer offering from the website www.wonderbly.com .
with more than $ 7 billion in assets , nergir , formerly known as gaz mtro , is a diversified energy company with 520,000 customers . it is the largest natural gas distribution company in quebec , and also produces , through its subsidiaries , electricity from wind power .
trondhjems mekaniske vrksted or tmv was a major shipbuilding company in trondheim , norway .
boat international media is the leading media group serving the superyacht industry . the company publishes newsstand magazines and luxury books , hosts high quality events , and provides digital media services and data to owners and professionals in the superyacht industry .
azmar airlines was a charter airline based in sulaymaniyah , iraqi kurdistan . it was founded in 2005 and meanwhile went out of business .
aero commander was an aircraft manufacturer formed in 1944 . in subsequent years it became a subsidiary of rockwell international and gulfstream aerospace . the company ceased aircraft production in 1986 .
iqvia , formerly quintiles ims holdings , inc. , is an american multinational company serving the combined industries of health information technologies and clinical research . it is a provider of biopharmaceutical development and commercial outsourcing services , focused primarily on phase i-iv clinical trials and associated laboratory and analytical services , including consulting services . they have a network of more than 50,000 employees in approximately 100 countries .
tech 21 is a new york based manufacturer of guitar and bass effect pedals , amps , and di boxes which allow the user to emulate the tone of many popular guitar amps and record those sounds directly into a mixer .
saxby bros limited was a food manufacturing company based in wellingborough , northamptonshire , who manufactured pork pies , delicatessen , meat and pastry products . in 2007 , the company was taken over by general mills , which led to its closure a year later . the factory is now demolished and redeveloped for housing .
maruha nichiro corporation is a japanese seafood company , beginning its operation in 1880 , when its founder , ikujiro nakabe , began a fish sale business in osaka . the company is the largest of its kind in japan , with nippon suisan kaisha and kyokuyo co. , ltd. as its main competitors . maruha nichiro has subsidiaries in japan , new zealand , australia , the united states , across europe , asia and south america .
gulftainer is an independently owned , global port operator with its corporate head office in the united arab emirates . established in 1976 , the company today manages about 40 % of all the major container terminal facilities in the middle east and has business operations in seven countries around the world . the companys primary business is container , with additional and bulk cargo handling within port terminals and logistics cities .
purdue pharma l.p. is a privately held pharmaceutical company owned principally by parties and descendants of mortimer and raymond sackler . in 2007 it paid out one of the largest fines ever levied against a pharmaceutical firm for mislabeling its product oxycontin , and three executives were found guilty of criminal charges .
workjam co. , ltd. was a japanese video game and software development company . the companys social game business was purchased by commseed and cykan holdings . its main headquarters was located in chiyoda , tokyo .
hydrapak , founded in 1996 , is a california - based company that manufactures hydration packs , reservoirs , and sport water bottles . the company is headquartered in oakland , california .
virsa arts was video production company that was started in 2011 . the virsa arts companys first popular and award-winning song is named soch . the song is by hardy sandhu joker is also by hardy sandhu . it was founded by navjit buttar and arvinder khaira the virsa arts company made more than one hundred songs in four years .
sera architects is an american architectural firm headquartered in portland , oregon , with a second office in san mateo , california . it is the fifth largest architecture firm in portland , offering architectural , interior design , and urban design and planning services . founded in portland in 1968 by architect bing sheldon , who led the portland downtown plan to revitalize the citys urban core , the firms early work focused on historic renovations and adaptive reuse projects .
fanzter inc. was an american software company headquartered in unionville , connecticut . fanzter launched coolspotters.com in may , 2008 , and has released several ios applications including coolpapers , streaks and summizer . the company was founded in 2007 by aaron laberge and eric kirsten , and is privately funded by second avenue partners , steamboat ventures , and several angel investors . it was bought in 2014 by espn .
trans corp , formerly known as pt para inti investindo , is a business unit of ct corp in the fields of media , lifestyle , and entertainment . trans corp was initially founded as a liaison between the television station trans tv and a station that had just taken over 49 % ownership stake by ct corp of kompas gramedia group , trans 7 . trans corp is owned by ct corp , founded by chairul tanjung .
pkp cargo is a logistics operator and a part of the pkp group in poland . it is the largest railway freightcarrier in poland and second largest in the european union . pkp cargo is listed on the warsaw stock exchange . the companys largest shareholder is pkp s.a. with a 33,01 % share .
hudbay is a canadian mining corporation . founded as hudson bay mining & smelting co. , limited , it has been exploring and mining in manitoba for over 80 years . much of its history has centered on flin flon , manitoba . hudbay now has operations in manitoba , peru , and yukon .
entertainment one is a publicly traded canadian multinational record label and entertainment distribution company . based in toronto , ontario , canada , the company is primarily involved in the acquisition , distribution , and production of music , as well as the distribution of other entertainment content , such as films and television series .
playdom was an online social network game developer popular on facebook , google + and myspace . the company was founded in the san francisco bay area by university of california , berkeley graduates ling xiao and chris wang and swarthmore college graduate dan yue . in 2009 , the market for games played on social networking sites was valued at $ 300 million , consisting mostly of online sales of virtual goods .
thomson reuters corporation and the toronto stock exchange -LRB- tsx : .
the bozzuto group is a building company that specializes in residential buildings . they build apartments , houses , and student residences for universities , such as the university of baltimore . it was founded in 1988 by thomas s. bozzuto and three partners , but is currently managed by his son toby bozzuto , who took over in 2013 . its headquarters are in greenbelt , maryland .
mantri developers is a real estate company in india which has developed properties in indian cities such as bangalore , chennai , hyderabad and pune . its constructions are used for residential , commercial , retail , hospitality , office , senior-living and educational purposes . they completed 23 projects covering 10 million square feet of constructed area and has an equal of amount of area under various stages of construction .
filmax international is a spanish motion picture production company and film distributor based in barcelona , and one of the spains most important integrated film and television groups . it produced the rec horror series , and owns the nirvana films and new world films international distributors and the fantastic factory label , dedicated to create fantasy films in the horror , science fiction and action genres .
dhx media is a canadian media production , distribution and broadcasting company . formed in 2006 by the merger of decode entertainment and the halifax film company , the company is the largest independent owner of childrens television in the industry .
mistral solutions pvt. ltd. is a privately held product design and systems engineering company with focus in the embedded domain . founded in 1997 , mistral is headquartered in bengaluru , india with regional offices in delhi and hyderabad . the companys us subsidiary , mistral solutions inc. , has its headquarters in santa clara , california with a regional office in dallas , texas .
dinosaur diorama , also known as dioramatv , is a production company that focuses primarily on the creation of serialized online video . their major releases include the first scripted sitcom-length web series , the burg , the michael eisner-produced the all-for-nots , greg & donny , and alls faire . the company consists of thom woodley , matt yeager and johnny north , and was founded by woodley and kathleen grace .
shoretel , inc. was a telecommunications vendor providing unified communications for business . in 2017 , the company was acquired by mitel .
dawsons music , founded in 1898 , is a british retail chain which sells musical instruments , equipment and accessories . it has 11 stores , largely across the north of england , as well as an internet and mail order service and an education division . the company is wholly owned by thomas david briggs mbe and family .
sugar is the generic name for sweet-tasting , soluble carbohydrates , many of which are used in food . there are various types of sugar derived from different sources . simple sugars are called monosaccharides and include glucose , fructose , and galactose . the table sugar or granulated sugar most customarily used as food is sucrose , a disaccharide of glucose and fructose .
norwegian state agriculture bank is a defunct norwegian government bank that lent money to investments within agriculture with mortgage in real estate . it was created on 5 february 1965 as a merger between norges hypotekbank , norges smbruks - og bustadsbank and driftskredittkassen for jorbruket . from 1 january 2000 , its responsibilities were transferred to the norwegian industrial and regional development fund and the norwegian agricultural authority .
caf rico is a puerto rican corporation that manufactures coffee branded by the same name . the companys headquarters are located at avenida las americas/route 163 and calle comercio/route 133 in barrio san antn in the city of ponce , puerto rico . the company used to be called cooperativa de cafeteros . its coffee has been reported to be puerto ricos best and its san carlos selection is said to have been the vaticans favorite coffee at one time .
citysuper , officially stylised as c!tysuper , is a well-known retail chain in hong kong , mainland china and taiwan . as well as its core format of upmarket supermarkets selling fresh produce and groceries , some citysuper retail outlets also offer household goods , stationery and cosmetics , and many citysuper stores are also accompanied by cafes and restaurants .
the king power international group is thailands leading travel retail group , based in bangkok . the current chairman and ceo is vichai srivaddhanaprabha . king powers ... cash cow is the proprietary concession of thailands duty-free business . the company is the largest duty-free retailer in the country . its duty free shopping mall in bangkoks central business district covers over 12,000 m2 and it has branches at suvarnabhumi airport and thailands other major airports .
sentinel capital partners , l.l.c. is an american privately held investment firm focusing on mezzanine capital , management buyouts , corporate divestitures , industry consolidations , going-private transactions , leveraged buyouts , and growth capital transactions in the united states and canada . the company is headquartered in new york , new york .
the nmdc limited is a state-controlled mineral producer of the government of india . it is owned by the government of india and is under administrative control of the ministry of steel . it is involved in the exploration of iron ore , copper , rock phosphate , limestone , dolomite , gypsum , bentonite , magnesite , diamond , tin , tungsten , graphite etc.
mozido , inc. is an american multinational technology company headquartered in austin , texas that designs , develops and provides mobile commerce and payment solutions globally . the companys cloud-based technology delivers payments and mobile loyalty solutions to companies in retail , financial services , consumer packaged goods and telecom that serve both banked and unbanked consumers worldwide via the mobile phone .
qatar steel was formed in 1974 as the first integrated steel plant in the persian gulf region . commercial production commenced in 1978 with the company becoming wholly owned by industries qatar in 2003 .
radiant systems was a provider of technology to the hospitality and retail industries that was acquired by ncr corporation in 2011 . radiant was based in atlanta , georgia . in its last financial report as a public company , radiant reported revenues of $ 90 million and net income of $ 14 million in the six months ended june 30 , 2011 . at the time of its acquisition , radiant employed over 1,300 people worldwide . radiant had offices in north america , europe , asia and australia .
the w.f. stewart company was an american carriage body and automotive body manufacturer founded in 1881 by william francis stewart and based in flint , michigan . the company specialized in the design and manufacture of wooden carriage bodies for horse-drawn transport and later automotive bodies . the company also briefly produced light aircraft , but went out of business in the great depression .
mowlem was one of the largest construction and civil engineering companies in the united kingdom . carillion bought the firm in 2006 .
amblin partners is an american content creation and entertainment company which produces and develops films and television programming . amblin is a restructured dreamworks studios .
the coventry building society is a building society based in coventry , england . it is the second largest in the united kingdom with total assets of more than 42.5 billion at 31 december 2017 . it is a member of the building societies association . the society has 1.5 m saver-members and a further 350,000 borrower-members .
astor pictures was a motion picture distribution service in operation from 1930 to 1963 , founded by robert m. savini . the company specialised in re-releases of films and produced some of their own product in the 1950s .
glnat editions sa is a french publisher with its head office in grenoble . their products include comic albums and manga in france , benelux , and in the past spain it was founded by jacques glnat . the benelux subsidiary , glnat benelux n.v. , is located in brussels , belgium . the switzerland subsidiary , glnat editions sa , has its headquarters in nyon . the spanish subsidiary had its head office in barcelona .
the west cornwall pasty company is a fast food chain in the united kingdom specialising in making and selling pasties . the companys headquarters are in long crendon , buckinghamshire , while its products are manufactured in penryn , cornwall .
birra menabrea is an italian brewing company located in biella , piedmont . under this label - distributed since the early nineties by the birra forst , but owned by the thedy family - around 100 thousand hectolitres of beer are produced annually , part of which for export in twenty countries .
the norwegian industrial property office , also known as norwegian patent office , is a government agency responsible for registration of patents , trademarks and design in norway . the agency is subordinate to the ministry of trade and industry and located in oslo .
eternal pictures was an international film distribution company , who has distributed various christian , family and documentary films . the company distributed tugger : the jeep 4x4 who wanted to fly in south africa , and distributed wemmicks , the storykeepers and hermie and friends in brazil .
mitratech holdings inc. , is a wholly owned subsidiary of ta associates , a multi-national legal information services company based in the united states . it offers software and services for in-house legal professionals and companies .
patexia inc. is a privately-held intellectual property company based in santa monica , california , u.s. the company was founded in 2010 with the mission to enhance transparency and efficiency in the ip field through a leveraging of the knowledge of an ip-based online community of researchers , attorneys , and stakeholdersdescribed by the company as a multidisciplinary social networkfor the purpose of information crowdsourcing .
assist-2-sell is a real estate franchise organization in the united states and canada . it was founded in 1987 by mary lameres-pomin and lyle e. martin and is based in reno , nv.as of may 2011 , the assist-2-sell network consisted of approximately 300 offices in 44 u.s. states and 5 canadian provinces . the company describes itself as a full-service discount real estate company . franchise owners/brokers and their agents provide home sellers and home buyers with full brokerage services .
ici pakistan limited is a pakistani company which is based in karachi , pakistan . in 2012 , yunus brothers group acquired the company for $ 152m from akzonobel .
imtiaz super market is a pakistani retailing store corporation that operates as a chain of supermarkets , discount department stores , and convenience stores . it is based in karachi , pakistan . imtiaz super market established in karachi , gujranwala and faisalabad in misaq ul mall near nishatabad . it is estimated that its yearly turnover is from rs 40 billion to rs 60 billion .
graphik dimensions ltd is an american fine art decor manufacturer producing five different private brands : pictureframes.com , qowalla , usa salvage , graphik hospitality , and mirror shop . the corporate headquarters are located in high point , north carolina . under their five brands they sell a selection of framing , mirrors , and printing services .
rustans is a philippine chain of upmarket department stores owned by the rustan group of companies . the brand is also applied to a chain of supermarkets established by the rustan group in 1970 and owned by it until 2017 . rustans the flagship brand of the rustan group of companies .
established in 1999 , mere mortals was a british video game developer based in newcastle upon tyne . it announced its withdrawal from games in 2010 and confirmed that decision the next year , intending to work with internet , television and film . in addition to its games , mere mortals contributed to three films by danny boyle : sunshine , 28 weeks later and slumdog millionaire .
repower is an international energy utility with its operational headquarters in poschiavo . the companys history goes back more than 100 years . its key markets include switzerland , italy , germany and romania . the group operates along the entire value chain , from generation and trading to sales , as well as in the innovative new tech business . repower ag shares are listed on the six swiss exchange .
hsbc guyerzeller bank ag , a member of the hsbc group , was a swiss private bank advising individuals and families in all matters of wealth management , investment advice and trust services . its head office was in zurich , and it had two branches in geneva , as well as representative offices in hong kong and istanbul . it had 360 employees and about chf 29 billion in assets under management . it is now subsumed under hsbc private bank .
oakhurst dairy is a company in the dairy industry that sells mostly milk products , as well as juices . it was founded in 1918 , and is headquartered in portland , maine .
yellow front was an american discount store that original started as a single army surplus store before evolving into a sporting goods chain and later a discount chain . in the 1950s , yellow stores opened in phoenix as a small store selling army surplus items . jake henegar bought the company from jim kelly in 1960 . henegar led the enterprise until his retirement in the early 1980s . in the 1960s yellow front stores added more variety to their stock and increased their locations .
sentient networks was a san jose , california based supplier of asynchronous transfer mode and frame relay central office concentrators and switches .
threesixty is hong kongs largest retailer of natural foods and organic foods . it is a member of dairy farm group , a leading pan-asian retailer . it offers earth friendly household products , non-chemically based personal care items and wellness-related lifestyle products . its target customers are middle class families and its retail prices are higher than other supermarkets .
sydney ports corporation , a corporation owned by the government of new south wales , is responsible for the management , development and operation of seaport facilities within metropolitan sydney , and two minor seaports located in eden and in yamba , within the state of new south wales , australia . sydney ports is established pursuant to the state owned corporations act , 1989 .
the independent breweries company was a syndicate founded in st. louis , missouri , by the combination of griesediecks national brewery , columbia , the gast brewery in baden , a.b.c. , and wagner brewing company . this combination was ill fated due to high overhead with too many executives and low profits forcing ibc into receivership . the ibc root beer was the main survivor of the syndicate .
southwest business corporation is a diversified financial services company providing insurance , mortgage , and investment services to financial institutions , businesses , and individuals . headquartered in san antonio , texas , swbc employs nearly 2,600 people nationwide and is licensed to do business in all 50 u.s. states . swbc is privately held by co-founders chairman charlie amato and president gary dudley .
opel wien gmbh is an austrian manufacturing company based in vienna / aspern , austria and was a subsidiary of general motors . currently a subsidiary of the french automobile manufacturer groupe psa since 1 august 2017 .
laqtel ltd. was a privately held up-start mobile phone and wireless service provider , of trinidad and tobago . a division of telcom holdings ltd. , laqtel was first founded in 2002 by dr. joseph laquis , the current ceo of laqtel communications is michael barrow .
ames true temper is a multinational corporation headquartered in camp hill , pennsylvania , usa . it is a wholly owned subsidiary of griffon corporation . ames true temper specializes in the manufacture of non-powered lawn and garden products . their manufacturing plant is located in harrisburg , pennsylvania , and produces 85 % of the wheelbarrows in the united states and canada producing 1.7 million wheelbarrows each year . the harrisburg plant has been in continual operation since 1876 .
evisu or evisu genes is a japanese designer clothing company that specializes in producing denim wear through traditional , labor-intensive methods . the brand was founded in 1991 in osaka , japan , by hidehiko yamane . the initial production line allowed about 14 pairs of jeans a day to be produced , with each of them having a seagull hand painted on them by yamane himself . ebisu is the name of the japanese folk god of money who is usually portrayed with a fishing rod .
dreamatrix game studios is a croatian computer game developer and a subsidiary of pro vox d.o.o. based in zagreb , croatia , the studio is led by dino potrebica . dreamatrix developed the games legends of dawn and space force : rogue universe .
delta lotsman or delta pilot is a branch of state company sea ports administration and regulates vessel traffic in territorial waters of ukraine and also providing navigation and piloting of marine vessels . the company is based in a capital of the ukrainian shipbuilding mykolaiv , ukraine . it is governed by the ministry of infrastructure through state inspection of waterways safety .
naviera armas ferries is a company in spain , founded in the 1940s , which operates at least 10 ferries . the company operates mainly in the canaries , although from 2008 services were available to the island of madeira and portugal , further north . however at the end of january 2012 the service to madeira was abruptly withdrawn , the reason for this together with the future of the route being unclear .
hyder was a welsh water , gas and electricity multi-utility and infrastructure company created in 1996 . it broke up in 2001 following a financial crisis .
concha y toro is the largest producer of wines from latin america and is one of the global leaders in its field . it is headquartered in santiago , chile . concha y toro winery is located in chile . it comprises 8.720 ha . spread throughout chiles major wine regions : maipo , maule , rapel , colchagua , curico , and casablanca .
vkc group is a footwear manufacturing and marketing company , based in the kozhikode district of kerala state , in india . it is considered to be one of the biggest in the organised footwear sectors . it is also the largest branded pu footwear manufacturer in india . v.k.c mammed koya is the founder of vkc group .
capital index is an international financial brokerage service offering online trading in contracts for difference , spread betting and spread trading . based in the uk and with an entity in cyprus , the company offers clients access to a broad range of financial markets including foreign exchange , commodities , stock indices , bonds and metals . capital index ltd is headquartered in london , united kingdom and is regulated by the financial conduct authority .
taiyo-kobe bank was a major japanese bank which merged with mitsui bank in 1990 to form mitsui taiyo kobe bank , renamed the sakura bank in april 1992 . sakura bank is now part of sumitomo mitsui banking corporation . tkb was unique during its time in that it was a major commercial bank unaffiliated with a keiretsu group or a general trading company .
dolphin interconnect solutions is a manufacturer of high speed data communication systems , located in oslo , norway and woodsville , new hampshire , usa.the technology of dolphin was based on development work at norsk data during the late 1980s . dolphin interconnect solutions was founded in 1992 as a spin-off from dolphin server technology which was in turn a spin-off from norsk data in 1989 .
ricks cabaret international , inc. is an american operator of strip clubs , nightclubs , and adult entertainment websites founded in 1983 . based in houston , texas , ricks operates clubs under the names ricks cabaret , jaguars club , club onyx , tootsies cabaret , temptations cabaret , downtown cabaret , cabaret north , cabaret east , silver city , vivid cabaret , and xtc cabaret .
tamil nadu medical services corporation limited -RRB- is a state-government undertaking of government of tamil nadu located in the indian state of tamil nadu . the tnmsc was incorporated under the companies act , 1956 on 1/7/1994 .
wns global is a global business process management company headquartered in mumbai , india . it has more than 34,000 professionals working in 52 delivery centers across the world , including india , united states , united kingdom , china , costa rica , philippines , poland , romania , south africa , and sri lanka . adrian t. dillon is the chairman of the board and keshav r murugesh is the group ceo.wns is listed on the new york stock exchange under the symbol wns .
tongal is a crowdsourced studio . founded in 2009 in santa monica , the company maintains an online platform that connects businesses in need of creative work with an online community of writers , directors , and production companies . tongals original methodology for completing projects allows anyone to contribute at any of the steps along the way from ideation through the production of content .
the fletcher construction company limited is a new zealand construction company and a subsidiary of fletcher building . it and higgins contractors ltd make up the construction division of fletcher building . fletcher construction is widely recognised in new zealand , and has delivered various iconic projects including constructing the auckland sky tower . it has three main business units : building and interiorssouth pacificinfrastructure .
greyhound motors , later known as bristol greyhound , was an english bus and coach company based in bristol .
indigo publications is a french company that publishes numerous trade newsletters and websites , mostly dedicated to specialized business sectors .
new world department store china limited is a hong kong-based company engaged in department store operation in china . it is a subsidiary of new world development . it has self-owned stores and managed stores in hong kong and mainland china , and operates under two brands : new world and ba li chun tian . its company chairman is henry cheng , the son of the hong kong billionaire , cheng yu-tung .
first premier bank , headquartered in sioux falls , south dakota , is the 13th largest issuer of mastercard brand credit cards in the united states . the bank is known for specializing in a wide range of subprime credit cards that are marketed to individuals with low credit scores .
imperial sugar is a major u.s. sugar producer and marketer based in sugar land , texas , with sugar refinery operations in california , georgia , and louisiana . the company was established in 1843 and has undergone ownership changes multiple times . the current name , imperial sugar company , was established after a change in ownership in 1907 .
gma network films , inc. also known as gma films is a film production company and a film studio established in 1995 by gma network inc. . its films have become both critical acclaim and commercial successes , among which are jose rizal , muro ami , deathrow and sosy problems .
colombia mvil s.a. , marketed under tigo trademark , is the third largest mobile phone company in colombia . it is headquartered in bogot , d.c. .
mikuni corporation is a japanese carburetor manufacturing company . their business activities is focused on carburetors , fuel injectors and other automobile and motorcycle related equipment .
elecon engineering company limited is an indian company specialised in the manufacture of industrial equipments . elecon is one of the largest asian manufacturers of material handling equipment , industrial gear systems and mining equipment .
nterbank a. is a defunct turkish bank . founded in 1888 in selanik as the selanik bankas t.a. . , it moved to istanbul in 1912 and was renamed uluslararas endstri ve ticaret bankas in 1969 . it was privatized in 1978 , and renamed interbank a. . in 1990 after it was taken over by ukurova holding . ukurova sold its majority stake to cavit alars nergis holding in 1996 .
ice river springs is a private label bottled water producer for retailers and food service operators and manufacturer of the ice river green brand of bottled water . the company runs a plastics recycling operation , bmp recycling , that takes bottles collected by municipalities and produces food grade recycled pet .
eighting co. , ltd. , eighting is a japanese video game developer and publisher . it is known for its shoot em ups and its licensed fighting games .
universal lucha libre was a professional wrestling promotion in japan from 1990 to 1995 . the name universal lucha libre is used to differentiate the promotion from the japanese uwf , which presented a very different style of professional wrestling .
fullbright is an american indie video game developer based in portland , oregon best known for their video game gone home . before forming fullbright , three of the staff worked together at 2k marin in san francisco on minervas den , the single-player expansion to bioshock 2 . during the development of gone home , the team worked and lived together in the same house . after its release , one team member left to found a new studio , dim bulb games .
mass appeal is an american media and content company based in new york city . the company was founded in 1996 as a graffiti fanzine and since has grown to encompass a magazine , website , film , television , music label and creative agency .
china northwest airlines co. , ltd. -LRB- -RRB- was an airline based in the peoples republic of china , with its headquarters in xian . it started operations in 1989 . in 2002 , the airline , along with china yunnan airlines , merged with china eastern airlines .
electrotherm limited was founded in 1983 to cater to the needs of all segments of steel industry , foundries and heat treatment industry . today , electrotherm is a diversified conglomerate having businesses in the field of engineering & projects catering to steel and foundry industry transformer manufacturing steel making ductile iron pipe making manufacturing of battery operated vehicles renewable energy transmission line tower and education . electrotherm .
sojaprotein is a serbian agribusiness company that produces soy-based products . it is headquartered in beej , serbia . sojaprotein processes exclusively non-gmo soybeans .
ultra . kultura was a russian counterculture book publisher .
mailermailer was an email marketing and newsletter service provider offered primarily to small and medium-sized businesses to create , send , and track email newsletters . the company claimed over 70,000 customers worldwide and was based in rockville , md.the company produced an email marketing trend report that was frequently cited by sources within the industry . in q1 2017 , j2 global acquired mailermailer . no terms were disclosed .
claro is the largest telecommunications company in the dominican republic and provides local , long-distance , and wireless voice services , as well as internet and iptv services , to approximately four million customers .
sydney steel corporation was a crown corporation in the canadian province of nova scotia .
the adamw brown coal mine is a large mine in the centre of poland in turek , greater poland voivodeship , 208 km west of the capital , warsaw . adamw represents one of the largest lignite reserve in poland having estimated reserves of 90 million tonnes of coal . the annual coal production is around 1.6 million tonnes .
upwork , formerly elance-odesk , is a global freelancing platform where businesses and independent professionals connect and collaborate remotely . in 2015 , elance-odesk was rebranded as upwork . it is based in mountain view and san francisco , california . the full name is upwork global inc. upwork has twelve million registered freelancers and five million registered clients .
deoleo , s.a. is a spanish multinational olive oil processing company . it is the worlds largest bottler selling brands such as bertolli , carapelli , carbonell and koipe . in india , it sells olive oil under brand name figaro .
grupo aeroportuario del sureste , s.a.b. de c.v. , known as asur , is a mexican airport operator headquartered in mexico city , mexico . it operates 9 airports in the southeastern states of mexico , including that of cancun . it is the third largest airport services company by passenger traffic in mexico . it serves approximately 23 million passengers annually . asur is listed on the mexican stock exchange and in the nyse .
safway services , llc provides scaffolding in the u.s. and canada for the commercial construction , bridge , special events and industrial markets . the company also offers rental , assembly , disassembly , training , labor and project management services . with 85 locations , safway is headquartered in waukesha , wi , employs 4,000 people and is one of the largest industrial services companies in north america .
husa transportation group is a group of railfreight , logistics and rail services companies founded in 1998 , the groups main business arm on foundation was acts nederland bv , founded 1989 , an open access freight operator in the netherlands . in 2014 the company announced it would exit the rail freight operating business , and dispose of the assets of its husa transportation rail services subsidiaries .
ramco properties trust is a publicly-traded real estate investment trust that invests in shopping centers . the company is based in farmington hills , michigan . the companys primary business is the ownership and management of dynamic town centers , urban-infill properties and neighborhood shopping centers predominately located in the 15 of the top 40 largest metropolitan markets in the united states .
russian machines is a russian conglomerate that consists of industrial and engineering divisions . the group currently operates 27 plants throughout 12 regions in russia and produces mechanical engineering products including motor vehicles , car parts , rail cars , aircraft , farming and construction equipment .
mvm group is a hungarian power company , the largest in the country responsible for the production , distribution and sale of electricity . the company owns several power plants including the paks nuclear power plant with a total installed capacity of 2,500 mw and has 3,501 km of transmission lines .
oi , formerly known as telemar , is the largest telecommunications company in brazil and south america , both in terms of subscribers and revenues . it is headquartered in rio de janeiro . ois major subsidiaries include telemar and brasil telecom . at the end of 2016 oi had 63 million subscribers , including 13.7 million for landline , 42.1 million for wireless , 5.7 million for adsl , and 1.3 million for other services .
auzentech was a korean computer hardware manufacturer that specialized in high-definition audio equipment and in particular pc sound cards . auzentech has its origins in march 2005 , when under the company name hda , the company launched the x-mystique 7.1 , the first consumer add-in sound card to feature dolby digital live .
desoutter industrial tools founded in 1914 and headquartered in france , is an industrial manufacturer providing electric and pneumatic assembly tools . products and services are sold in more than 170 countries through 20 business units . desoutter tools is active in fields such as aerospace , automotive industry , light assembly and heavy vehicles , off-road , general industry . the french companies georges renault .
smc corporation is a japanese topix large 70 company founded in 1959 , which specializes in pneumatic control engineering to support industrial automation . smc develops a broad range of control systems and equipment , such as directional control valves , actuators , and air line equipment , to support diverse applications . smcs head office is located in sotokanda , chiyoda-ku , tokyo , japan .
triumph motorcycles ltd is the largest british motorcycle manufacturer , established in 1983 by john bloor after the original company triumph engineering went into receivership . the new company continued triumphs record of motorcycle production since 1902 . during the 12 months preceding june 2017 , triumph sold 63,400 motorcycles .
fineos is a privately funded dublin-based software development company , which was founded in 1993 . fineos is a provider of enterprise software solutions for insurance , and government social insurance . the company is headquartered in dublin , ireland and has offices in north america , europe , australia and new zealand .
peerspace is a peer-to-peer marketplace for booking space for events , meetings and productions . launched in february 2014 , peerspace is a privately owned company operating in the san francisco bay area , los angeles , new york , chicago , austin and seattle .
the link-belt construction equipment company is an american international industrial company that develops and manufactures heavy construction equipment , specializing in telescopic and lattice boom cranes . it is headquartered in lexington , kentucky , and has been a part of sumitomo heavy industries .
base productions is a production company founded in 1992 by john brenkus and mickey stern . as a producer of reality , documentary , and unscripted infotainment programming , base productions uses a trademark motion-capture and cgi technology . the company has produced programming for a variety of channels , such as a & e , animal planet , the discovery channel networks , fox sports net , g4 , espn , hbo , mtv , national geographic channel and spike tv .
ukcloud , previously named skyscape cloud services , is a british public cloud company , headquartered in farnborough , united kingdom . it is one of the largest uk public sector cloud providers . the company was founded in 2011 , rebranding as ukcloud in august 2016 .
bridgewater bank is a canadian schedule i chartered bank based in calgary , alberta , canada . wholly owned by the alberta motor association , the bank specializes in competitive residential mortgages and deposit products through a select network of brokers . operating in all canadian provinces except quebec , bridgewater bank manages a portfolio of over $ 2.8 billion , representing over 33,000 accounts . in business since 1997 , bridgewater bank received its bank license in january 2006 .
korea railroad corporation , promoted as korail -LRB- -RRB- , is the national railroad operator in south korea . korail operates commuter , subway , intercity and freight trains throughout south korea . the railroads headquarters are located in daejeon .
the arts marketing association is a membership organisation for those working in the arts , culture and heritage sector .
avin international s.a. is active in the transportation of crude oil , gas and petroleum products . avin is one of the worlds leading independent shipment oil operators owned by the vardinoyannis family .
coffee republic is a british coffee bar and deli franchise chain founded in 1995 .
welspun group is a multinational company whose core industries are steel , energy , and textiles . welspun is one of indias fastest growing conglomerates , doing business in over 50 countries with 24,000 employees and over 100,000 shareholders . its clients include companies operating in the oil and gas and retail sectors such as chevron , exxonmobil , walmart , and target corporation target . welspun provides many jobs in india improving employment .
vilnius land bank was the first bank established in vilnius , present-day lithuania . it was a private joint-stock mortgage bank serving the northwestern krai of the russian empire . its mission was to provide loans collateralized by real estate to manor owners and city residents . as it could not accept deposits , the bank issued mortgage bonds to raise funds for the loans .
vaidyaratnam oushadhasala is an ayurvedic pharmaceutical company situated in thaikkattusseri , near ollur , thrissur city in kerala state . it is managed by thaikkattusseri eledathu thaikkattu family , one among the ashtavaidya families of kerala . vaidyaratnam runs a nursing home and an ayurvedic medical college apart from two iso certified manufacturing plants in thrissur and an r & d centre in thaikkattussery , under the flagship of vaidyaratnam .
my.com is an international subsidiary of mail . ru company that offers games and internet-related services and products . my.com is working under brands and services mymail , mychat , mygames and maps . me . my.com is headquartered in amsterdam , netherlands with us office in mountain view , california .
disney mobile is a division of disney interactive , a subsidiary of the walt disney company , that designs mobile apps , content and services .
zuda comics was dc comics webcomics imprint from 2007 until 2010 . some of the imprints series won awards and nominations from comic industrys glyph comics awards and harvey awards . bayou , volume 1 was also named one of the 2010 great graphic novels for teens by the american library association .
institute for the intellectual development of children and young adults is an iranian institution with a wide range of cultural and artistic activities in the field of mental and cultural development for children and young adults .
amundi is a subsidiary jointly created by crdit agricole and socit gnrale to regroup their asset management operations . it was created in january 2010 . the company is listed on euronext paris since november 2015 , which was , at the time , the largest initial public offering on the paris stock exchange for 10 years .
zytronic is a manufacturer and developer of touch technology products based in blaydon upon tyne , united kingdom . zytronic designs composite component touch technologies that optimise the performance of electronic display applications and manufacture projected capacitive technology based touch sensors and their associated controllers which are used in public access and industrial applications .
pt . panin sekuritas tbk . is a financial services company specializing in stock brokerage based in jakarta , indonesia . it was awarded the best securities company in 2006 and 2007 by investor magazine best managed companies in 2010 by financeasia . panin sekuritas is panin groups division for securities and mutual fund management .
the london electricity board was the public sector utility company responsible for the supply and distribution of electricity to domestic , commercial and industrial consumers in london prior to 1990 . it also sold and made available for hire and hire-purchase domestic electrical appliances through local showrooms where electricity bills could also be paid . it was shortened to leb in its green and blue logo , consisting of the three letters .
santoro london is lifestyle fashion accessory company founded by lucio and meera santoro in 1984 .
sperry or sperry top-sider is the original american brand of boat shoe designed in 1935 by paul a. sperry , older brother of writer and illustrator armstrong sperry , whose books often featured a sailing theme . sperrys , or top-siders , were the first boat shoes introduced into the boating and footwear markets . today the sperry brand is owned by wolverine world wide and is headquartered in waltham , massachusetts .
the metlife building is a 59-story skyscraper at 200 park avenue at east 45th street above grand central terminal in midtown manhattan , new york city . built in 196063 as the pan am building , the then-headquarters of pan american world airways , it was designed by emery roth & sons , pietro belluschi and walter gropius in the international style . the worlds largest commercial office space by square footage at its opening , it remains one of the 100 tallest buildings in the united states .
zopo mobile is the commonly used name of shenzhen zopo communications-equipment limited company , a mobile smartphone maker headquartered in shenzhen , china . zopo was founded in 2012 by mr. kevin xu . it engages in research and development , production , marketing and service of mobile intelligent terminal products . zopo is an acronym standing for zealous open perfect outstanding .
texas instruments inc. is an american technology company that designs and manufactures semiconductors and various integrated circuits , which it sells to electronics designers and manufacturers globally . headquartered in dallas , texas , united states , ti is one of the top ten semiconductor companies worldwide , based on sales volume . texas instrumentss focus is on developing analog chips and embedded processors , which accounts for more than 80 % of their revenue .
curotek is an american company based in portland , oregon that provides technology for community-based care settings such as assisted living communities and group home settings serving those with dementia , alzheimers , mental retardation and developmental disabilities and other disabilities that cause safety risks associated with freedom of movement and personal autonomy .
eidos montral is a canadian video game development studio owned by square enix europe , a subsidiary of square enix .
electricity north west is a british electricity distribution network operator , responsible for the administration and maintenance of the network that distributes electricity throughout the north west of england .
st. peters is an independent brewery founded in 1996 by john murphy in former agricultural buildings adjacent to st. peters hall in bungay , suffolk , england . the brewery produces cask ales , but are best known for their cold filtered bottled beers . the oval shape of their signatory 500 ml bottle is based on an 18th-century gin bottle from gibbstown , by the delaware river near philadelphia but a round version is also common .
blrt grupp is a shipbuilding company headquartered in tallinn , estonia . in addition to estonia , the company owns shipyards in lithuania , finland and norway . its shipbuilding and ship repair subsidiaries are tallinn shipyard , vakar laiv gamykla , baltijos laiv statykla , turku repair yard , and blrt fiskerstrand . on 14 december 2011 , fiskerstrand blrt delivered the worlds largest lng-powered ferry , mf boknafjord , to norwegian company fjord1 .
the durban people mover is a tourist-oriented bus service which runs every 15 minutes and consists of three routes within the central business district and along the beachfront , connecting various attractions . this new bus system forms part of a transport redesign process that the city implemented in preparation for the 2010 fifa world cup .
neuf cegetel was a french wireline telecommunications service provider and a mobile virtual network operator . it offered various telecommunications services to consumers , enterprises and wholesale customers , ranking second in the country in annual revenues . it was legally established in 2005 following the completion of the merger between neuf telecom and cegetel .
aerojet rocketdyne holdings , inc. , formerly gencorp , inc. , is an american technology-based manufacturer based in el segundo , california . established in 1915 , it was formerly known as the general tire and rubber company , becoming gencorp in 1984 , and adopting its current name in april 2015 .
the fertilisers and chemicals travancore limited or fact ltd , a fertiliser and chemical manufacturing company in kochi , kerala , india , was incorporated in 1943 , by maharajah sree chithira thirunal balarama varma . it is the first fertiliser manufacturing company in independent india and also the largest central public sector undertaking in the state of kerala . the company has 2 production units - udyogamandal complex at eloor , udyogamandal , and cochin division at ambalamedu .
lvmh mot hennessy louis vuitton se , better known as lvmh , is a french multinational luxury goods conglomerate headquartered in paris . the company was formed in 1987 under the merger of fashion house louis vuitton with moet hennessy , a company formed after the 1971 merger between the champagne producer mot & chandon and hennessy , the cognac manufacturer . it controls around 60 subsidiaries that each manage a small number of prestigious brands . the subsidiaries are often managed independently .
fever media ltd was a british television production company based in london . it was launched in 2006 by former bbc executive producers richard hopkins and david mortimer . it develops and produces quizzes , game shows , factual entertainment , factual formats , documentary , entertainment performance and music programming for the uk and international markets .
iga is a u.s. brand of grocery stores that operates in more than 30 countries . unlike the chain store business model , iga operates as a franchise through stores that are owned separately from the brand . many of these stores operate in small town markets and belong to families that manage them . it was founded in the united states as the independent grocers alliance . the headquarters is in chicago , illinois . ipa is also owned by iga in ontario , canada .
muzzley is an app to control your internet of things devices . the app , available for ios , android and windows 10 allows you to control these devices . they provide third party devices integrations through their apis and sdks for manufacturers to directly embed into their micro controllers .
msci inc. , is an american provider of equity , fixed income , hedge fund stock market indexes , and equity portfolio analysis tools . it publishes the msci bric , msci world and msci eafe indexes . the company is currently headquartered at 7 world trade center in manhattan , new york city , u.s.
american national insurance company is a major american insurance corporation based in galveston , texas . the company and its subsidiaries operate in all 50 u.s. states and puerto rico .
sun bingo is an online bingo operator based and licensed in alderney . it was founded in 2006 , and is part of news uk group who also operates newspaper the sun . the company provides online bingo gaming platform predominantly for the united kingdom .
db-soft inc. , but subsequently left the gaming business to focus solely on programming software and tools as they entered the 1990s .
booyami inc. is a provider of automation tools and business intelligence software for small business accounting . the company was founded in 2011 by a former microsoft employee james walter and a former vice-president of bank of america , corey ross . the synergy produced bbc easy and finagraph two technological solutions for small business that offer strategic financial intelligence and streamline obtaining business loans .
bulgari is an italian jewelry and luxury goods brand that produces and markets several product lines including jewelry , watches , fragrances , accessories , and hotels . it is partially owned by luxottica in milan , a conglomerate .
cairo communication s.p.a. is an italian media and publication company based in milan . the shares of the company float in borsa italiana . urbano cairo , via ut communications , ut belgium holding , owned 50.101 % stake of the company . in turn cairo communication owned 59.693 % stake of fellow media company rcs mediagroup , which was acquired in 2016 .
china jinmao holdings group limited , the subsidiary of state-owned sinochem corporation , is engaged in real estate development in shanghai , beijing and zhuhai . it is incorporated and headquartered in hong kong , but its business is mainly in mainland china . the formerly name was franshion properties limited . it was listed on the hong kong stock exchange on 17 august 2007 . it joined hang seng china-affiliated corporations index constitute stock on 10 march 2008 .
the wheelerschebler carburetor company was one of the indianapoliss most important auto parts manufacturers and the last automobile parts factories in indianapolis , indiana to survive from the first decades of the 20th century . the wheelerschebler carburetor company building was the companys original building at the barth avenue site and now houses the wheeler arts community . it was added to the national register of historic places in 2004 .
zoom inc. is a japanese video game company based in sapporo , japan .
armed forces insurance is a mutual insurer that provides property and casualty insurance to military professionals throughout the united states and overseas . afi is headquartered in leavenworth , kansas , approximately 20 miles northwest of kansas city , missouri .
hackingteam is a milan-based information technology company that sells offensive intrusion and surveillance capabilities to governments , law enforcement agencies and corporations . its remote control systems enable governments and corporations to monitor the communications of internet users , decipher their encrypted files and emails , record skype and other voice over ip communications , and remotely activate microphones and camera on target computers .
liu jo s.p.a. is a high-end italian fashion house founded by marchi brothers in 1995 in carpi , italy .
hyundai motor manufacturing alabama is an automobile factory in montgomery , alabama . it was incorporated as a subsidiary of hyundai motor company of south korea on april 12 , 2002 . construction completed in june 2004 , with the official start of production beginning in may 2005 . the official grand opening ceremony on may 20 , 2005 , was attended by former president of the united states , george h. w. bush and hyundai motor group chairman , chung mong-koo .
railamerica , inc. , based in jacksonville , florida , was a holding company of a number of short-line railroads and regional railroads in the united states and canada . in 2007 , railamerica was acquired by fortress investment group . before that , it traded on the new york stock exchange with the ticker symbol rra .
leica camera ag is a german company that manufactures cameras , lenses , binoculars , rifle scopes and ophthalmic lenses . the company was founded by ernst leitz in 1914 . the name leica is derived from the first three letters of his surname and the first two of the word camera : lei-ca . leica camera ag is 45 % owned by the blackstone group , and licenses the leica brand name from the independently owned leica microsystems gmbh .
pierre is a masculine given name . it is a french form of the name peter . pierre originally means rock or stone in french . see also peter .
russo-balt was one of the first russian companies that produced cars between 1909 and 1923 .
national iranian tanker company is a subsidiary of the national iranian oil company , which was privatized in 2009 . as of 2011 , nitc was owned by funds managing pensions for 5 million iranians . it is the biggest tanker company in the middle east and in the world .
discovery zone was a chain of entertainment facilities featuring games and elaborate indoor mazes designed for young children , including roller slides , climbing play structures and ball pits . it also featured arcade games . the chain was founded by ronald matsch , jim jorgensen and dr. david schoenstadt in 1989 . the first location was opened in kansas city , missouri in october 1989 . an early investor and vocal supporter of the company was tennis player billie jean king .
nolo , formerly known as nolo press , is a publisher in berkeley , california , that produces do-it-yourself legal books and software that allows people to handle simple legal matters such as making wills or writing business partnership contracts . its areas of focus include immigration , family law , employment law , tenant and landlord issues , wills , trusts and intellectual property .
telekom austria group is a provider of a range of fixed-line , broadband internet , multimedia services , data , and it solutions , wholesale as well as mobile payment solutions . its headquarters are in vienna . the company operates subsidiaries in eight european countries : austria , belarus , bulgaria , croatia , liechtenstein , macedonia , serbia , and slovenia . its largest subsidiary is the austrian telecommunications provider a1 telekom austria .
brayola is an online lingerie retailer that helps shoppers find better-fitting bras . its bra analyzer and extractor identify bras based on size , style , color , price , materials , purpose , quality and attributes . the information powers brayolas engine to match shoppers with more bras that will fit in a similar way .
clover sonoma , formerly clover stornetta farms is a third-generation family owned dairy company , situated in northern californias beautiful sonoma county .
the great western iron and steel company was a company founded in the 1890s in kirkland , washington by the citys namesake peter kirk to build an integrated smelter and steel mill to refine local ore into steel for rails and other purposes . if the enterprise had proceeded as kirk and other investors envisioned , it would have held a practical monopoly of the entire pacific coast steel production .
mercy health is a roman catholic health care system with locations in ohio and kentucky .
the peerless-premier appliance company is an appliance manufacturer located in belleville , il that manufactures kitchen ranges for residential use .
envault corporation is an information security software company founded in 2007 . envault specializes in transparent and password-free data encryption products for hard disks , removable media , email and cloud storages . envaults customers include large enterprises and government agencies .
tianjin pipe corporation limited known as tianjin pipe or its aberration tpco , is the largest stemless steel pipe maker of china as well as one of the largest in the world .
kiwibank limited is a subsidiary of the state-owned enterprise new zealand post limited , new zealand superannuation and the accident compensation corporation . kiwibank provides some of its banking services through its postshops and more recently through financial services only branches as well . kiwibank is owned by the new zealand government and the companys board of directors was chaired by former new zealand prime minister jim bolger from 20012010 .
kenolkobil limited is a pan african downstream oil company . the groups operations span seven countries across eastern , central and southern africa and encompass the supply , storage , distribution and retail of a wide range of petroleum products .
paschim gujarat vij company ltd. is an electricity company that was incorporated on 15 september 2003 by gujarat electricity board . the company obtained the certificate of the commencement of business on 15 october 2003 . the company was one of several created as a part of efforts towards restructuring of the power sector in the state of gujarat in india .
thai president foods pcl is a bangkok-based thai company established 18 april 1972 . it makes the internationally marketed instant noodle brand mama . thai president foods is the largest instant noodle manufacturer in thailand as of 2015 , with a 53 percent share of the market .
emeta corporation was a company that provided access control , subscription management and ecommerce solutions for media , entertainment and software companies . it was founded in 1998 and headquartered in new york city . emeta was taken over by macrovision corporation in 2006 .
mekanism is a san francisco-based creative agency that specializes in the development and production of marketing campaigns , commercials and branded entertainment for multinational companies . mekanism focuses its work on storytelling for emerging media , a line the company has trademarked . the agency added a new york city office in 2008 .
kinostudiya lenfilm was a production unit of the cinema of the soviet union , with its own film studio , located in saint petersburg , russia , formerly leningrad , r.s.f.s.r. today oao kinostudiya lenfilm is a corporation with its stakes shared between private owners and several private film studios , which are operating on the premises . since october 2012 , the chairman of the board of directors is fyodor bondarchuk .
china merchants energy shipping company limited , parented by china merchants group , is engaged in shipping industry , including tanker transportation , bulk cargo vessel transportation . other businesses include training for sailors and sales of electronic ship machinery . it is headquartered in shanghai , china . they are the parent company for china vloc company limited , a wholly owned subsidiary that manages four vlocs they had previously acquire from vale .
the minire et mtallurgique de rodange was a luxembourgian blast furnace steel producer and mining company originally established in 1872 as the hauts-fourneaux de rodange . from 1905 to 1935 the company was a division of the ougre-marihaye company . in 1973 the company was merged with the socit des hauts fourneaux et aciries dathus to form the company mtallurgique et minire de rodange-athus , and in 1978 arbed acquired a 25 % stake in the company .
u.s. gold limited was a british video game publisher based in holford , england . the company was founded in 1984 by geoff brown in parallel to his distributor firm , centresoft , both of which became part of woodward brown holdings . the company primarily aimed at publishing games imported from the united states with a lower price tag in europe and especially the united kingdom .
westlake chemical is an international manufacturer and supplier of petrochemicals , polymers and fabricated building products . the company is the largest producer of low-density polyethylene in the us and ranks among the forbes global 2000 .
efc uganda limited , also known as efc uganda , is a microfinance deposit-taking institution in uganda . it is licensed and supervised by the bank of uganda , the central bank and national banking regulator . efcul lends primarily to small enterprises .
ef hutton is an american stock brokerage firm founded in 1904 by edward francis hutton and his brother , franklyn laws hutton . later , it was led by well known wall street trader gerald m. loeb . under their leadership , ef hutton became one of the most respected financial firms in the united states and for several decades was the second largest brokerage firm in the country .
the master trust bank of japan , ltd. is a trust bank in japan . it was founded in 2000 and claims to be the first trust bank in japan to be exclusively engaged in asset administration business . the companys shareholders are mitsubishi ufj trust and banking corporation , nippon life insurance , meiji yasuda life insurance and norinchukin trust & banking co. .
serena software inc is a us-based software company that provides it management products to enterprises , with operations in 11 countries . serena solutions offer a process orchestration approach and span the areas of development , devops and it management . serena is headquartered in silicon valley , california and has 400 + employees . the company has been a subsidiary of the british software and information company micro focus since 2016 .
jilin aodong medicine industry group company limited is a state-owned enterprise in dunhua , jilin , china . it involves in the manufacture and sale of chinese patent drugs and pharmaceutical packaging products , and the collection of traffic tolls and the road engineering construction business . it was established in 1993 and listed on the shenzhen stock exchange in 1996 .
scottish widows investment partnership was an asset management company based in edinburgh , scotland . it was one of europes largest asset management companies , with 146 billion of funds under management as at 31 december 2013 . these funds were invested across all major asset classes including worldwide equities , property , bonds , multi-asset , multi-manager and cash .
edison properties is a privately owned real estate holding and development firm based in newark , new jersey founded in 1956 . the company has holdings in new jersey , new york city , and baltimore including many parking lots marketed under parkfast and storage units marketed under manhattan mini storage . the company is affiliated with the family-run gottesman real estate partners .
mithun was an advertising and marketing firm , founded in 1933 by ralph campbell and ray mithun . it was part of interpublic group of communication companies . the core business was consumer advertising through radio , tv , print , digital , mobile and out-of-home . the company was based in minneapolis , minnesota .
alaska milk corporation is a manufacturer of milk products in the philippines . its products are sold under the alaska brand . the company also owns the philippine basketball association team , the alaska aces . in 2012 , dutch dairy cooperative frieslandcampina acquired control of the company from the founding uytengsu family .
panda security is a spanish company specialized in creating it security . initially centered on creating antivirus software , the company has since expanded its line of business to advanced cybersecurity services with technology for preventing cybercrime . their patented technology truprevent is a set of capabilities aimed at blocking unknown viruses the collective intelligence model claims to be the first system that can automatically detect , analyze , and classify malware in real-time .
bws is an australian retail chain of liquor stores owned by woolworths limited . bws , is an acronym for beer , wine , spirits . bws is the largest liquor retailer in australia with over 1300 stores nationally .
inphonic inc was an american company which sold wireless services and devices online , both through its own electronic commerce sites and through private labeled websites it created and managed for online retailers . the company was headquartered in washington , dc and maintained technology and operations centers in largo , maryland .
thai union group is a thailand-based producer of seafood-based food products . it was founded in 1977 , and was listed on the stock exchange of thailand on 22 november 1994 . thai union operates worldwide with plant facilities in france , ghana , poland , portugal , papua new guinea , the seychelles , scotland , vietnam , thailand and the united states . its business includes tuna , shrimp , sardines/mackerel , salmon , pet food , and value-added products .
terra nitrogen company , limited partnership is an american company that was set up on september 20 , 1991 and now is headquartered in deerfield , illinois . the company markets nitrogen fertilizers , most of which are anhydrous ammonia and urea ammonium nitrate solutions . terra nitrogen company is a subsidiary of cf industries and terra nitrogen , l. p. is the operating partner of tnclp .
result group sold a specialist equipment management software application : rentalresult to companies renting and managing assets , e.g. , cranes , tools , heavy equipment , aerial , modular space , computer hardware and test & measuring equipment since 1994 . it was privately owned and incorporated in delaware and the united kingdom .
fermentas was a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery and production of molecular biology products for life science research and diagnostics . since 2010 , fermentas has been part of thermo fisher scientific .
national amusements , inc. is an american privately owned theater company and mass media holding company based in dedham , massachusetts and incorporated in maryland .
kurt geiger is an upmarket british footwear and accessories retailer . the kurt geiger headquarters is located on britton street , london .
eymundsson is icelands oldest bookstore , established in 1872 . it operates 15 locations around iceland and offers a wide selection of books , magazines and various gift items . many of their storefronts also include a coffeehouse . the store offers icelands largest selection of foreign books and icelandic literature in english .
konecranes oyj is a finnish company , headquartered in hyvink , which specialises in the manufacture and service of cranes and lifting equipment . konecranes products are made for industries handling heavy loads meaning ports , intermodal terminals , shipyards and bulk material terminals .
bike calgary is a member-based non-profit organization advocating for and promoting transportation cycling with over 1,300 members , based in calgary , alberta , canada .
stmicroelectronics is a french-italian multinational electronics and semiconductor manufacturer headquartered in geneva , switzerland . it is commonly called st , and it is europes largest semiconductor chip maker based on revenue . while stmicroelectronics corporate headquarters and the headquarters for emea region are based in geneva , the holding company , stmicroelectronics n.v. is registered in amsterdam , netherlands . the companys us headquarters is in coppell , texas .
murphy oil corporation is a petroleum and natural gas exploration company headquartered in el dorado , arkansas . the company also has operating offices in houston , texas , calgary , alberta , and kuala lumpur , malaysia .
zambia sugar plc , is a company based in mazabuka , southern province , zambia and is the largest sugar producer in zambia . the company is listed on the lusaka stock exchange with 82 % of the shares held by illovo sugar limited of south africa and the balance by institutional and private shareholders in zambia . zambia sugar plc owns and operates the nakambala sugar estate , the largest sugar operation in zambia .
unitus seed fund is an social impact investment venture fund based in bangalore and seattle . it funds early-stage indian technology startups , primarily in the healthcare , education and financial sectors . as an impact investment fund , its focus is on startups that serve low and middle-income consumers .
identigen ltd. is an ireland-based company providing dna based analysis and diagnostics with operations in ireland , uk , north america and canada . services range from species identification to parentage testing , as well as their proprietary traceability system , dna traceback .
cork distilleries company was an irish whiskey distilling company . it was formed in 1867 , when four cork distilleries , dalys , the green , north mall , the watercourse were amalgamated under one company to form the cork distilleries company . in 1868 , these were joined by another cork distillery , james murphys midleton distillery .
the artificial limbs manufacturing corporation of india is a public sector undertaking of the government of india . established on 30 november 1972 , alimco manufactures artificial limbs and rehabilitation aids . the company is headquartered in kanpur .
nakamichi corp. , ltd. is a japanese consumer electronics brand that originated in japan and gained a name from the 1970s onwards for innovative and high quality audio cassette decks . nakamichi manufactured electronic devices from its founding in 1948 , but only sold them under its own name from 1972 . it is credited with offering the worlds first three-head cassette deck .
icestone , llc is a brooklyn , new york manufacturer of durable surfaces composed of recycled glass and cement . icestones eponymous surface is marketed as a sustainable alternative to conventional stone surfaces , and is typically fabricated into countertops , backsplashes , and bathroom vanities . icestone is one of twenty companies in the world to hold a cradle to cradle silver certification .
sbs medianet is a south korean company by sbs , producing media , broadcast and telecommunication products for non free-to-air networks , including skylife and cable tv service providers .
js bank is a majority-owned subsidiary of jahangir siddiqui & co. ltd. and currently , operates 323 branches in 161 cities across pakistan and 1 international branch in manama , bahrain with a total asset base of rs .470.2 billion in 2017 . js banks consolidated profits for the quarter ended march 31 , 2017 , were rs .410.5 million . js bank limited operates in the commercial banking sector . it is a scheduled bank engaged in commercial banking and related services .
dhruva interactive is a game development company in india , providing game development and art production services to the global gaming industry . it was founded in 1997 by k. rajesh . dhruvas development history includes various platforms and genres across consoles on social/casual and mobile devices in serving marquee global clients - big and small .
sabic is a saudi diversified manufacturing company , active in chemicals and intermediates , industrial polymers , fertilizers , and metals . it is the largest public company in saudi arabia , as listed in tadawul , but the saudi government still owns 70 % of its shares . sabic is also the largest listed company in the middle east .
heublein inc. was an american producer and distributor of alcoholic beverages and food throughout the 20th century . during the 1960s and 1970s its stock was regarded as one of the most stable financial investments , earning it inclusion in the nifty fifty .
the chambers stove is a generic name for several different kitchen cooking appliances sold under the chambers brand name from 1912 to approximately 1988 . their ranges and stand-alone ovens were known for their patented insulation methods , which enabled them to cook on retained heat with the fuel turned off .
the manitowoc company , inc. is an american fortune 1000 manufacturer of cranes and , until 2016 , food service equipment . the company was founded in 1902 , and is headquartered in manitowoc , wisconsin . on march 4 , 2016 , the company announced that it had completed the spin-off of its food service equipment operations into a new publicly traded company , manitowoc foodservices .
lovemans of alabama was a birmingham , alabama-based chain of department stores with locations across alabama . it adopted this name to distinguish it from lovemans department stores operating in chattanooga , tennessee , and in nashville , tennessee .
the bell punch company was a british company manufacturing a variety of business machines , most notably several generations of public transport ticket machines and the worlds first desktop electronic calculator , the sumlock anita .
globo filmes is a brazilian company of movie productions owned by grupo globo .
morgan advanced materials is a global manufacturer of specialist products , using carbon , advanced ceramics and composites for a broad range of markets . the company is headquartered in windsor , berkshire , united kingdom . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
davao metro shuttle corporation , also known as davao metro shuttle bus company , inc. , is a large bus company in mindanao , philippines . it operates bus transport services in and outside davao region with its headquarters , main garage and offices in davao city . its main terminals are located in davao city and tagum .
astarta holding is a ukrainian agricultural and industrial holding company . it is the largest sugar producer in the country . the company has been listed on warsaw stock exchange since 2006 . its main producing assets are located in poltava , vinnytsia and khmelnytskyi oblasts .
kharkiv tractor plant is a tractor plant in ukrainian city of kharkiv .
caesarstone ltd. , or caesarstone , is a publicly traded company that engages in the production and marketing of quartz surfaces used for kitchen countertops , vanity tops , flooring , wall cladding and general interior design . the company was founded in 1987 and is traded on the nasdaq in new york . headquarters are located in kibbutz sdot yam in israel , and its production facilities are in israel and the usa .
ibstock plc is a large brick making business . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
red cedar technology is a software development and engineering services company . red cedar technology was founded by michigan state university professors ron averill and erik goodman in 1999 . the headquarters is located in east lansing , mi , near msus campus . red cedar technology develops and distributes the heeds professional suite of design optimization software . heeds is based on spin-out technology from michigan state university .
basse und selve were german manufacturers of engines for automobiles , motorcycles , boats , aircraft and railcars , supplying engines for selve cars built at the selve automobilwerke ag , but also various other manufacturers of automobiles and commercial vehicles , such as beckmann , mannesmann , and heim . the altena factory was founded in 1908 by gustav selve , employing 2,000 workers , with dr. walther von selve taking over the firm on the death of gustav selve , his father .
the liverpool and north wales steamship company is a pleasure cruise company , based in liverpool . the company currently operate three vessels , all of which are from a core heritage fleet , offering a unique heritage experience .
ping an bank co. , ltd. is a chinese joint-stock commercial bank with its headquarters in shenzhen . it primarily operates in mainland china with a representative branch in hong kong . the bank offers services in retail and corporate banking , including investment banking services . as a subsidiary of ping an insurance , the bank is one of the three main pillars of ping an group : insurance , banking and asset management .
aurora biosciences was a biotechnology company founded in 1995 in san diego to commercialize fluorescence assays based on roger y. tsiens discoveries concerning green fluorescent protein and its uses in basic research - work for which tsien eventually won the 2008 nobel prize in chemistry along with two other chemists .
ctbc bank is amongst the largest privately owned banks in taiwan .
hansard global plc is a financial services business operating out of the isle of man . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
onia is a new-york based clothing company that focuses on creating luxury swimwear and ready to wear . the company was founded in 2009 by carl cunow and nathan romano .
vine transit is a public transportation service in napa county , california , united states it is managed under the napa valley transportation authority and operated by transdev . the system offers extensive service throughout the county along with providing connections to other public transportation systems in adjacent counties .
tilt renewables pty ltd is an australasian electricity generation company , dual listed on the new zealand stock exchange and australian stock exchange . tilt renewables was demerged from trustpower in october 2016 , with tilt renewables taking ownership of all operational wind assets and the wind and solar development pipeline , and trustpower retaining all hydro assets .
steorn ltd was a small , private technology development company based in dublin , ireland . in august 2006 , it announced that it had developed a technology to provide free , clean , and constant energy via an apparent perpetual motion machine , something which is contrary to the law of conservation of energy , a fundamental principle of physics . steorn challenged the scientific community to investigate their claim and , in december 2006 , said that it had chosen a jury of scientists to do so .
morris communications , headquartered in augusta , georgia , is a privately held media company with diversified holdings that include magazine publishing , outdoor advertising , book publishing and distribution , visitor publications , and online services . today , the georgia-based enterprise reaches across the nation , has holdings in europe , and employs 6,000 people . morris also is the publisher of the milepost , a northwestern american travel guide .
japan post service co. , ltd. , or , is a japanese post , logistics and courier headquartered in tokyo , previously the japan government-owned mail monopoly .
abu dhabi film commission is a government agency formed to support the development of abu dhabis film and tv industry . its mission is to promote the emirate of abu dhabi as a production destination to generate economic benefits for the region and increased job opportunity for its residences . it was established under twofour54 .
toei animation co. , ltd. -LRB- -RRB- is a japanese animation studio primarily owned by toei company .
mesocoat , inc. is a euclid , ohio based equit backed company providing metal protection and repair . mesocoat develops and provides wear and corrosion solutions using surface engineering technologies , serving oil and gas , aerospace , energy , infrastructure and other markets .
intelcenter is a united states company , founded in 1989 . it is based near washington , d.c. , in alexandria , virginia . the company is a private contractor working for intelligence agencies . its stated purpose is to study terrorist groups and other threat actors and disseminating that information in a timely manner to those who can act on it .
the macao water supply company limited or macao water in short , is a company dealing with water supply in macau , china .
zimmer biomet is a publicly traded medical device company . it was founded in 1927 to produce aluminum splints . the firm is headquartered in warsaw , indiana , where it is part of the medical devices business cluster . in 2001 zimmer was spun off from bristol-myers squibb and began trading on the new york stock exchange , on august 7 , under the ticker symbol zmh . in november 2011 , the company acquired extraortho , inc. .
codys books was an independent bookstore based in berkeley , california . it was a pioneer in bookselling , bringing the paperback revolution to berkeley , fighting censorship , and providing a safe harbor from tear gas directed at anti-vietnam war protesters throughout the 1960s and 1970s .
misfit studios publishing is a canadian small press business located in toronto , canada . founded in 2003 by steven trustrum , the company publishes a number of role-playing game products under limited and open license terms .
columbus craft meats is an american food processing company specializing in salami and other prepared delicatessen meats , founded in san francisco in 1917 . their current headquarters are in hayward , california . their products are sold at supermarkets locally and nationwide , including costco , safeway , cost plus and trader joes .
habibs is a brazilian fast food company that specialises in middle eastern cuisine and brazilian sandwiches . it has more than 475 outlets across the country and has recently begun expansion into foreign markets . it is known for very low prices and exotic dishes .
northern coalfields limited was started in 1985 and is a subsidiary of coal india . its headquarters is in singrauli . earlier it was an area of central coalfields limited .
dystar is a provider of products and services for the textile , leather , paper , plastic and other chemical industries . the company combines the textile dye businesses of the former dye producers bayer , hoechst , basf , ici/zeneca , mitsubishi and mitsui with the auxiliary activities of boehme and rotta . dystar has about 2.000 employees in more than 50 countries and runs 14 production facilities in 12 countries . worldwide sales amounted to 1.000 million usd in 2014 .
science photo library is a privately owned stock photography and , more recently , stock footage agency , founded . in 1981 . its headquarters are in maida hill , in west london , u.k. .
hormel foods corporation is an american food company based in austin , minnesota . the company was founded as george a. hormel & company in austin by george a. hormel in 1891 . it changed its name to hormel foods in 1993 . the company is listed on the fortune 500 .
jones intercable was a cable television company founded by glenn jones in 1970 . jones , already a cable television veteran , had bought his first cable system in georgetown , colorado after taking a $ 400 loan on his volkswagen . the company expanded rapidly and by 1994 had 1.4 million subscribers .
the uno federal credit union , or unofcu , was chartered in 1972 by the national credit union administration to serve the faculty , staff , and students of the university of new orleans . currently located in new orleans , louisiana , it has one branch located on the lakefront main campus of uno and serves approximately 5,000 members , with assets of over $ 25 million usd . unofcu is also a member of the east orleans chapter of the louisiana credit union league .
toonlet is a free website that allows users to create their own cartoon characters and webcomics . founded in 2007 and opened to public beta in 2008 , toonlet differs from other webcomic building tools in that comics are published on the site similar to forum or blog posts , meaning they can be replied to .
ah basic is a discount brand of everyday commodities developed , marketed and introduced by the ahold group , to replace the euro shopper discount brand in all albert heijn stores in belgium , germany and the netherlands from april 2013 to 2014 .
trident seafoods is the largest seafood company in the united states . it is based in seattle , washington . it manages a network of fishing ships , processing plants , and a vertically integrated distributorship of its products . it sells frozen , canned , smoked and ready-to-eat seafood products for the wholesale , retail and food service markets under a variety of different brand names . it is a member of the pacific whiting conservation cooperative .
ruralco is an australian diversified agricultural company , headquarter in hobart , tasmania that provides real estate , insurance , auctioneer services , agricultural equipment and other services to the australian rural community . since being founded in 1970 it has expanded via a series of mergers into a billion dollar company .
kaiserliche werft wilhelmshaven was a german shipbuilding company in wilhelmshaven , founded in 1871 and closed in 1918 . together with kaiserliche werft danzig and kaiserliche werft kiel it was one of three shipyards which solely produced warships for the preuische marine and the following german kaiserliche marine .
strabag se is an austrian construction company based in villach , austria , with its headquarters in vienna . it is the largest construction company in austria and one of the largest construction companies in europe . the company is active in its home markets austria and germany and in all countries of eastern and south-east europe , in selected markets in western europe , on the arabian peninsula , as well as in canada , chile , china and india .
flooz.com was a dot-com venture , now defunct , based in new york city that went online in february 1999 , promoted by comic actress whoopi goldberg in a series of television advertisements . started by ivillage co-founder robert levitan , the company attempted to establish a currency unique to internet merchants , somewhat similar in concept to airline frequent flier programs or grocery store stamp books . the name flooz was based upon the arabic word for money , , fuloos .
studio lambert is an independent television production company based in los angeles and london . it specializes in creating and producing entertaining non-scripted programs for the uk , us and international markets . it launched in soho , london , in march 2008 and six months later opened a us office in culver city , ca . it is currently producing shows in the us and uk for a wide range of broadcast and cable networks .
square enix limited , doing business as square enix europe , is a british video game publisher , acting as the european subsidiary of square enix . the company was founded as domark in 1984 , named after the founders mark strachan and dominic wheatley . in 1996 , the company was acquired and merged with two other studios , and was then renamed eidos interactive . the company went on to be acquired by sci in 2005 , and square enix in 2009 .
the south hokkaido railway company is a third-sector railway company based in hakodate , hokkaido , japan . ownership of the stock is shared in the following proportions : hokkaido prefecture 80 % hokuto city 11.2 % hakodate city 4.4 % kikonai town 4.4 % .
maps s.a. is a software editor founded in 2011 by thierry muller . the company is headquartered in luxembourg . its platform , called maps system , provides data management solutions for multichannel marketing .
nation fm , formerly known as easy fm , is an english-speaking national radio station based in nairobi , kenya . it is owned by the nation media group .
the feral brewing company is a brewery in the swan valley , western australia .
saleae is an american manufacturer of usb-powered electrical test equipment . the company sells digital mixed-signal logic analyzers . it is currently based in south san francisco , california . it was founded in 2008 by mark garrison and joe garrison .
creative biolabs , inc. is a life-science company which produces and supplies biotech products and services for early drug discovery and development , including various phage display libraries such as pre-made libraries , phage display services , antibody sequencing , and antibody humanization . customers include pharmaceutical companies , academic institutions , government agencies , clinical research organizations and biotechnology companies .
johnson health tech . co. , ltd. is a multinational company engaged in the manufacturing and sale of exercise equipments . it is headquartered in taichung , taiwan . jhts products include treadmills , stationary bicycles , elliptical trainers , weight training machines etc. the company has manufacturing plants in shanghai and taiwan , and r & d centers in shanghai , taiwan , and north america . it is the winner of two taiwan excellence awards .
seatruck ferries is a uk-based freight-only ferry company which commenced services in 1996 . it is part of the clipper group , a shipping company based in the bahamas . the company operates out of four ports on the irish sea , including heysham and liverpool .
the anglo adriatic investment fund sa was an investment fund set up to hold privatisation vouchers issued by the government of post-communist albania . it was unsuccessful in its attempts to reinvest them and collapsed .
w. r. berkley corporation is a fortune 500 company founded in 1967 , and based in greenwich , connecticut , united states . w. r. berkley corporation is a commercial lines property & casualty insurance holding company . in 2012 , w. r. berkleys total revenue was $ 5.82 billion , of which $ 3.94 billion came from the companys insurance-domestic segment , $ 678 million from insurance-international segment and $ 732 million from reinsurance-global segment .
king long united automotive industry co. , ltd or commonly known as king long is a chinese bus manufacturer headquartered in xiamen , fujian . founded in december 1988 , it is focused mainly on developing , manufacturing and selling large-and-medium-sized coaches and light vans .
govan shipbuilders ltd was a british shipbuilding company based on the river clyde at glasgow in scotland . it operated the former fairfield shipyard and took its name from the govan area in which it was located .
icosagen is a biotechnology company in estonia providing medical diagnostics services and performing custom research programs for the biopharmaceutical industry . as of march 2009 , quattromed has been renamed icosagen as .
ditions dupuis s.a. is a belgian publisher of comic albums and magazines . based in marcinelle near charleroi , dupuis was founded in 1922 by jean dupuis , and is mostly famous for its comic albums and magazines . it is originally a french language publisher , but publishes many editions both in french and dutch . other language editions are mostly licensed to other publishers .
dehns is a united kingdom firm of patent and trade mark attorneys , with offices in london , brighton , oxford , manchester and munich . it was founded in 1920 by frank bernard dehn .
paton is an italian motorcycle manufacturer . in 1957 after fb mondial pulled out of grand prix racing , paton was set up by giuseppe pattoni and designer lino tonti .
taptica is a mobile advertising technology company . founded in 2012 , the company provides a mobile demand-side platform and data management platform for advertising agencies and brands . in 2017 , taptica was listed as appsflyers fastest-rising partner for installs and retention and by 2018 the company ranked in the top ten across various categories and geographies .
the socit franaise pour le commerce avec loutre-mer is a french investment company , formerly a trading company . it has its origins in the gradis merchant house established in 1685 and headed by members of the gradis family .
the sopwith aviation company later sopwith aviation & engineering company was a british aircraft company that designed and manufactured aeroplanes mainly for the british royal naval air service , royal flying corps and later royal air force in the first world war , most famously the sopwith camel . sopwith aircraft were also used in varying numbers by the french , belgian , and american air services during the war . in april 1919 the company was renamed sopwith aviation & engineering company limited .
hopkins rides is an amusement ride manufacturer based in palm city , florida . the company has had experience in amusement rides for over 45 years and currently specializes in water rides .
internet & mobile association of india is a not-for-profit industry body registered under the societies act , 1986 . its mandate is to expand and enhance the online and mobile value added services sectors . iamai also put forward the problems and requirements of the businesses to the consumers , shareholders , investors and the government of india .
zhongtong bus holding co. , ltd. . is a chinese bus manufacturing company based in liaocheng , shandong province . the company is listed on the shenzhen stock exchange , and is one of chinas major bus makers .
sofar sounds is a music events startup company , based in shoreditch , founded in 2009 . the company calls itself a global community where guests and artists come together to experience music in an intimate and respectful setting at a secret concert .
expedia cruiseshipcenters is a travel agency franchise company established in 1987 , specializing in marketing and sales of cruise vacations . through its network of 235 independently owned retail locations and 4,700 + vacation consultants in north america , the company has grown their sales at an average rate of 11 % each year for the past two decades .
tlultralight is an aircraft manufacturer based in hradec krlov , czech republic . the company started out as a builder of ultralight trikes and now specializes in the design and manufacture of composite ultralight aircraft . the company is owned by ji tlust and was founded in 1989 . one of the companys earliest aircraft designs was the tl-22 duo , a conventional ultralight trike model , that is now out of production .
favre-leuba is a swiss manufacturer of wristwatches headquartered in solothurn , switzerland , and formerly a pioneer in watch design , manufacturing and distribution . the foundation of the brand was laid in 1737 when abraham favre was registered as a watchmaker , so it has been reported as the second-oldest watch brand in switzerland .
ge honda aero engines llc is a joint venture between ge aviation and honda aero based in cincinnati , ohio . ge honda is headed by steven j. shaknaitis of ge aviation and masahiko izumi of honda aero . formed in 2004 , the company plans to create jet engines in the 1,000 to 3,500 lbf thrust class , suitable for the business aviation industry .
the tamil nadu horticulture development agency was constituted with the objective to rto chanelise the central assistance in a larger scale to promote horticulture .
pacific broadcasting systems is a radio network in the philippines . it is a subsidiary of manila broadcasting company . it operates the brands aksyon radyo and yes the best .
trizec properties , inc. , previously known as trizechahn corporation , was a real estate investment trust company headquartered in chicago , illinois . it was historically a canadian company . the name is derived from the three groups that formed a one-time related company trizec properties ltd to develop place ville marie in montreal .
gjensidige forsikring asa is a norwegian insurance company . the company traces its roots back to 1816 when a fire mutual was founded at land in what is today oppland county . gjensidige demutualised and listed on the oslo stock exchange in december 2010 . the firm , headquartered in oslo , has a market share of some 25 % in the norwegian insurance market . the company has 36 branch offices in norway , not including affiliated fire mutuals , and 1 million customers .
betta living was a home improvement retailer based in oldham , greater manchester with stores in more than 70 towns and cities throughout england and wales until it went bust in november 2016 . betta living was owned by dean house plc and designs , manufactures and installs fitted kitchens , bedrooms and bathrooms . betta livings fittings were manufactured in lancashire .
the famous writers school was an educational institution that ran a correspondence course for writers in the 1960s and 1970s . founded in 1961 by bennett cerf , gordon carroll , and albert dorne , it became the subject of a scandal after a 1970 expos by jessica mitford , who noted the schools questionable academic and business practices .
crrc group corporation is a chinese holding company , direct parent company of crrc and 32 other subsidiaries if including second-tier subsidiaries , the holding company is the head of 112 legal entities .
hipercor s.a. is an up-scale chain of hypermarkets in spain , belonging to the same group as el corte ingls . it has its head office in the el corte ingls head office building in madrid . hipercor generally stocks a wide range of household and food products across large floorspaces and are usually located as part of the same building complexes as the el corte ingls department store .
north valley bancorp was a bank holding company headquartered in redding , california . in october 2014 , the company was acquired by trico bancshares . the company operated 22 branches .
ghost is a london fashion label founded in 1984 by tanya sarne . it is known for classic vintage clothing-influenced viscose crpe , satin and georgette designs , which are modified slightly each season to keep them up to date , but do not follow trends . the design museum in london described the introduction of the ghost dress as one of those quiet revolutions where the significance of an event in fashion history goes almost unnoticed at first .
damasko is a manufacturer of mechanical wristwatches and chronographs based in barbing , germany .
media rings corporation -LRB- -RRB- was a japanese music , video game , and software publishing company located in akasaka , tokyo . founded in october 1989 as a music and video packaging firm , it since became a distributor and producer of electronic entertainment . the company has been involved with several video game developers on a number of systems beginning with the pc-engine in 1990 , and was primarily known for their zero4 champ racing game series , as well as the game boy advance title lunar legend .
advania is a nordic information technology service corporation headquartered in reykjavk , iceland . the company is the largest in its field in iceland and the 9th largest in the nordic countries . advania has corporate clients in the public and private sector . it provides a wide range of it-services , platforms , cloud solutions and support to multinational enterprises , governments , big , small and medium-sized businesses .
zahner or a. zahner company is an architectural metal & glass company located in kansas city , missouri .
dsn corporation japanese : is a corporation owned by sky perfect jsat group , nec and ntt com . it was founded on december 19 , 2012 for the sole purpose of acting as an investment vehicle in the private finance initiative that would handle the japanese military x band dsn satellite network from 2017 to 2031 .
voli is a montenegrin retailer , with primary activity in operation of supermarkets .
the insurance company of prince edward island , was established by charlie cooke in 1987 in prince edward island . in 2001 sgi purchased a 75 % share of the insurance company at a cost of $ 2.7 million canadian from cgu group with the remaining shares being owned by the cooke family . the company provides a full line of automobile , home and commercial insurance in the canada provinces of prince edward island , new brunswick , and nova scotia .
transportes del nazas is a torren , coahuila , mexico bus line . it has 104 units , which are called rojos .
acqua di parma is an italian lifestyle and fashion company that produces fragrances , candles , bathrobes and leather accessories . all of its ranges are exclusively made in italy , and distributed in 43 countries .
europe sails is an austrian aircraft manufacturer , based in neukirchen am grovenediger . the company specializes in hang gliders . in 2003 the company offered a complete line of four types of hang gliders , but by 2012 the independent competition hang glider was their sole product .
saudi oger ltd , was a saudi construction company , incorporated in january 1978 with its headquarters in riyadh . the initial paid up capital of sr 1 million was subsequently increased to the present level of sr 750 million . saudi oger was a private company , wholly owned by the rafik hariri family . after struggling for a long period , saudi oger closed down on 31 july 2017 .
t-rex aps is a manufacturer of handmade electric guitar effects pedals .
caltech employees federal credit union is a credit union for the california institute of technology family and its affiliate organizations . cefcu is headquartered in la caada flintridge and is the 25th largest credit union in the state of california . it is also the 156th largest credit union in the nation . the unions savings rates are 73 % higher than the national average .
vasanth is an indian film director and screenwriter , working in the tamil film industry . following a stint as journalist and after assisting k. balachander , he made his directorial debut with keladi kanmani in 1990 , which along with the trendsetting aasai , are considered his finest and most successful films . known for being realistic , his films have been described as a middle path between parallel and commercial cinema , revolving around social themes and relationships .
the nizhny novgorod research institute of radio engineering is a russian electronics company specializing in the development and manufacturing of radar equipment . it is a subsidiary of the almaz-antey group .
leister ag is a manufacturer of hot air plastic welding equipment , process heat components , laser welding systems , gas sensor equipment and micro-optics . the company is currently based in kaegiswil , near sarnen in switzerland . it was founded in 1949 by karl leister . leister ist active in more than 120 countries around the world . about 98 % of leister production is exported .
ikusi is a business group located in san sebastin , spain which develops activity in the field of technological engineering and development for digital business transformation . the parent company was founded more than 45 years ago . besides its presence across the whole of spain , ikusi currently has extensive international coverage .
first solar , inc. is an american photovoltaic manufacturer of rigid thin film modules , or solar panels , and a provider of utility-scale pv power plants and supporting services that include finance , construction , maintenance and end-of-life panel recycling . first solar uses cadmium telluride as a semiconductor to produce cdte-panels , that are competing successfully with conventional crystalline silicon technology .
tobermory distillery is a scotch whisky distillery situated on the hebridean island of mull , scotland in the village of tobermory . the distillery , which was formerly known as ledaig , was founded in 1798 and has changed hands several times , having undergone a number of periods of closure . the only distillery on mull , it is currently owned by burn stewart distillers , a subsidiary of distell group limited of south africa .
yellowfin is a business intelligence , dashboard , reporting and data analytics software vendor . yellowfins software allows reporting from data stored in relational databases , multi-dimensional cubes or in-memory analytical databases . headquartered in melbourne , australia , the now global company was founded by a team of business intelligence industry veterans .
enterprise holdings , inc. is a private holding company headquartered in the clayton suburb of st. louis , missouri , united states . it is the parent company of car rental companies enterprise rent-a-car , national car rental , alamo rent a car , and enterprise carshare . the holding company was formed in 2009 as a result of enterprise rent-a-cars 2007 acquisition of vanguard automotive group , the parent company of national car rental and alamo rent a car .
donald richard donahue was a comic book publisher , operating under the name apex novelties , one of the instigators of the underground comix movement in the 1960s . donahue published numerous influential comics from that movement , including the first run of zap comix and a number of other highly regarded comics by robert crumb , such as your hytone comics and black and white comics .
the delhi railway was a railway company that operated in british india . it later merged with scinde railway , punjab railway and indus steam flotilla to form the scinde , punjab & delhi railway .
cohesity is a privately held enterprise storage company headquartered in santa clara , california . cohesity was founded in june 2013 by mohit aron , who previously co-founded nutanix . cohesity launched publicly in june 2015 , introducing a platform designed to consolidate and manage secondary data .
kenton hills porcelains are high-fired soft paste porcelain products manufactured by kenton hills porcelains , inc. the company operated from 1940 to 1943 in erlanger , kentucky . all ceramic products were made from native clays . products include vases , bookends , figurines , lamp bases , and flowerpots .
alma media corporation is a media company focusing on digital services and publishing . in addition to news services , the companys products provide information related to lifestyle , career and business development . the services of alma media have expanded from finland to the nordic countries , the baltics and central europe . its best known products are aamulehti , iltalehti , kauppalehti , talouselm monster.fi and etuovi.com .
siemens ag is a german conglomerate company headquartered in berlin and munich and the largest industrial manufacturing company in europe with branch offices abroad . the principal divisions of the company are industry , energy , healthcare , and infrastructure & cities , which represent the main activities of the company .
cave interactive co. , ltd. , or cave for short , is a japanese video game company founded in 1994 by former employees of toaplan following its bankruptcy . they are known primarily for their bullet hell shoot em ups from 1995 up to 2010 , cave was one of the most prolific shoot em up developers in the japanese market .
plinga is an online f2p games publisher located in berlin , germany . the company is partnered with leading web and mobile web developers , publishing their games to plingas network of selected partner portals and social networks across the globe . plinga was founded in june 2009 .
ford new zealand . ford motor company of new zealand limited is the new zealand subsidiary of ford motor company . its distribution and assembly operations began in 1936 when it took them from the local franchisee . since the closure of its final assembly plant in wiri , auckland in 1997 , all of its product offerings are fully imported , from australia , asia , europe and as of late 2015 from the usa .
unison industries , llc , headquartered jacksonville , florida , is involved in the design , manufacture , and integration of electrical and mechanical components and systems for aircraft engines and airframes .
sanako is a technology company developing language teaching solutions , teaching and classroom management software , virtual learning and professional development solutions . sanakos multimedia learning solutions are used by universities , schools , educational institutions and corporations in more than 100 countries . based in finland , the company has sales offices in china , india , uae , uk and us .
sony music entertainment inc. , often abbreviated as smej or simply sme , and also known as sony music japan for short , is sonys music arm in japan . smej is directly owned by sony corporation and independent from the united states-based sony music entertainment due to its strength in the japanese music industry .
for the former united states sub-prime mortgage loan company , see countrywide financialcountrywide plc is the united kingdoms largest estate agency group . it employs circa 10,000 personnel nationwide , working across 850 + estate agency or lettings offices operating under 65 + local high street brands , supplemented by 650 mortgage consultants . countrywide is listed on the london stock exchange .
recheio is the biggest cash-and-carry chain of stores operating in portugal .
tac is a swedish-based building automation company in the fields of both energy solutions and security . it also operates in other countries including the united kingdom and the united states and was originally established as tour agenturer in 1925 in stockholm . tac has announced a name change to schneider electric , its parent company , to take place in october 2009 .
even hotels is a hotel brand concept created by intercontinental hotels group in 2012 to create a hotel that meets travelers holistic wellness needs . even hotels is aimed at business and leisure travelers who are looking for a wellness experience in a hotel stay at a mainstream price point .
universal air lines was an airline based in the united states .
technopark zrich is a technopark based in the municipality of zrich in the canton of zrich in switzerland .
china dalian international economic & technical cooperation group is a chinese enterprise involved in construction and engineering , real estate development , shipping , import and export trading , fishing , aquaculture and aquatic products processing . the construction division is heavily focused on international markets , earning $ 529.1 million in revenue in 2012 , of which $ 469.8 million came from overseas projects . it operates in markets from syria to suriname .
genovese drug stores was a pharmacy chain located in the new york city-long island area of the united states , including northern new jersey , along with fairfield county , connecticut and hartford county , connecticut . it was acquired by eckerd in 1998 . genovese was founded in 1924 by joseph genovese , in astoria , queens . by 1978 , when genovese died , the chain had grown to 50 locations .
tvs motor company is a multinational motorcycle company headquartered at chennai , india . it is the third largest motorcycle company in india with a revenue of over 13,000 cr in 2016-17 . the company has an annual sales of 3 million units and an annual capacity of over 4 million vehicles . tvs motor company is also the 2nd largest exporter in india with exports to over 60 countries .
for the german bicycle and motorcycle manufacturer see : hercules fahrrad gmbh & cothe hercules cycle and motor company limited was a british bicycle manufacturer founded on 9 september 1910 in aston in england . the name hercules was chosen for its associations of durability and robustness . the company was founded by edmund and harry crane and started life in coventry street , birmingham , england , initially producing 25 bicycles a week .
mbf bioscience is a small company that develops software and hardware for bioscience research and biomedical applications . with the main office in williston , vermont , usa , the company markets , sells and supports its products from offices on three continents .
loccitane en provence and commonly known as loccitane , is an international retailer of body , face , fragrances and home products based in manosque , france . the company was founded in 1976 by olivier baussan with the purpose to create a company that celebrates and preserves the traditions of his native provence . the company name means the occitan woman -LSB- in provence -RSB- . in 2010 , the company became listed on the hong kong stock exchange .
migflug gmbh is a zurich , switzerland-based aviation and space adventure company specialized in fighter jet flights . migflug was founded in 2004 by current ceo philipp schaer and flavio kaufmann . as of 2015 , offerings include jet trainer flights , supersonic flights , edge of space flights , zero gravity flights and suborbital space flights .
neela tele films private limited is a production house based in mumbai , india . it produces fiction and non-fiction shows for various television channels . the company was founded in 1995 , and is managed and owned by asit kumarr modi .
daher , or daher , is a french industrial conglomerate . daher works in the aerospace , defence , nuclear , and automotive industrial sectors in the fields of manufacturing , services and transport .
metal aircraft corporation was an american aircraft manufacturer of transport aircraft . the metal aircraft corporation was formed as a restructuring of the t.e. halpin development co. in 1928 . halpin was a former employee of william bushnell stouts firm at a time when all-metal construction was at its infancy . the metal aircraft corporation continued production of the halpin flamingo transport at its factory at the lunken airport with several variations .
lion ferry was a swedish ferry company which operated passenger and freight ferry services in scandinavia and north america .
cnet video is a san francisco and new york based web television network showing original programming catering to the niche market of technology enthusiasts , operated by cbs interactive through their cnet brand and . cnet video originated as the television program production arm of cnet networks in the united states , producing programs starting in the mid-to-late 1990s . it was cnet networks first project . technology-themed television shows produced by cnet video also aired on g4 in canada .
media group is an indonesian media group founded by surya paloh . the group owns three newspapers , a tabloid prioritas , and a television channel metrotv .
sigil games online , inc. was a computer game developer based in carlsbad , california founded in january 2002 by brad mcquaid and jeff butler , key development team members who created everquest , the most popular massively multiplayer online role-playing game before world of warcraft . mcquaid and butler left sony online entertainment , the publisher of everquest , and formed sigil games online to develop the next big thing .
the navegante group is a gaming company based in paradise , nevada , specializing in areas of casino management , development , consulting and executive recruitment . it is often retained to manage distressed properties while new owners seek a gaming license .
the brazilian company indstrias reunidas frateschi is a model railroad manufacturer based in ribeiro preto , near so paulo , brazil . today frateschi exports to argentina , chile , uruguay , united states , france , spain , switzerland , south africa , indonesia , taiwan , new zealand and australia . frateschi is the only model railroad manufacturer in south america .
tipico is an international provider of sports betting and casino games , headquartered in st julians , malta . the company has branches in germany , austria , croatia , gibraltar , colombia and malta . all in all more than 6000 work for tipico . ceo of tipico is joachim baca .
blue omega entertainment was an american film and video game company , located in annapolis , maryland .
established in 1936 by members of the dramatists guild of america and the society for authors representatives , dramatists play service , inc. is a theatrical-publishing and licensing house . dps publishes english-language acting editions of plays and handles the licensing for professional and nonprofessional english-language productions of these plays in the united states , canada , and throughout the world .
dairy queen , often abbreviated dq , is a chain of soft serve ice cream and fast-food restaurants owned by international dairy queen , inc. , a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway inc. international dairy queen , inc. , also owns orange julius and karmelkorn . the first dq restaurant was located in joliet , illinois . it was operated by sherb noble and opened for business on june 22 , 1940 . it served a variety of frozen products , such as soft serve ice cream .
digg is a news aggregator with a curated front page , aiming to select stories specifically for the internet audience such as science , trending political issues , and viral internet issues . it was launched in its current form on july 31 , 2012 , with support for sharing content to other social platforms such as twitter and facebook . it formerly had been a popular social news website , allowing people to vote web content up or down , called digging and burying , respectively .
the descartes systems group inc. is a canadian multinational technology company specializing in logistics software , supply chain management software , and cloud-based services for logistics businesses . descartes is perhaps best known for its abrupt and unexpected turnaround in the mid-2000s after coming close to bankruptcy in the wake of the dot-com bubble collapse .
comgs is a brazilian gas distributor focused on so paulo state . it is brazils biggest gas distributor , with around 1,6 million residential , commercial and industrial customers , as of 2016 , who receive gas through about 14.000 kilometres of pipelines . comgs was founded in 1872 .
formsite is a service that enables non-technical users to build professional quality web forms and surveys with no html or coding experience .
nutaq provides advanced digital signal processing solutions and wireless technologies , including software defined radios . their hardware platforms are primarily based on xilinx fpgas , and are typically integrated with a model-based design software flow . researchers who use this sort of design flow can benefit from targeting an fpga without having to write the associated hdl code .
programming research limited supplies a code quality management solution for embedded software which includes the static program analysis tools qac and qac + + . it created the high integrity c++ software coding standard .
guangdong foday automobile co. , ltd. , trading as foday , is an automotive manufacturing company based in guangdong , china . with roots going back to 1988 , it used to be known as guangdong fudi automobile co. , ltd. . its principal products are vehicles , primarily pick-up trucks and suvs , automotive parts and stampings . its products have been sold in various countries under the fudi and foday brands .
college of respiratory therapists of ontario regulates the profession of respiratory care by setting out requirements for entry to practice in ontario , canada . authorized by the legislation regulated health professionals act in ontario , the role of the college of respiratory therapists of ontario is to regulate the practice of respiratory therapy and govern the registered respiratory therapists . respiratory therapy has been an established health care profession in canada since 1964 .
orange julius is an american chain of fruit drink beverage stores . it has been in business since the late 1920s . the eponymous beverage is a mixture of ice , orange juice , sweetener , milk , powdered egg whites and vanilla flavoring , similar to a morir soando or orange creamsicle .
lan motorsport technologies is an american enterprise that serves as an umbrella company containing the race car engineering , development and manufacturing companies owned by american racing and automotive company conglomerate panoz motor sports group . lan engineers , designs and builds panoz-branded race cars and components , since its founding it has also acquired several manufacturers , including famous formula ford builders van diemen and indycar series constructor g-force .
irish continental group is an irish shipping and transport group . operating roll on/roll off passenger , freight and container freight services on routes between ireland , the united kingdom and continental europe . irish continental group also operate container terminals in the ports of dublin and belfast .
original penguin is an american clothing line . with roots in the 1950s and 60s , the brand specializes in clothing , footwear , and eyewear . it is sold in north america , south america , central america , and europe . image models included brad pitt , jake gyllenhaal , andy lucas , and adam brody as well as the members of interpol , vampire weekend , arctic monkeys , and all-american rejects frontman , tyson ritter , also the favorite brand of the famous pianist michael salazar .
inficon is headquartered in bad ragaz and is engaged in the development , manufacture and supply of instruments , sensor technology and process control software for the semiconductor and vacuum-coating industries . they supply instruments for gas leak detection in refrigeration , air conditioning , the automotive industry and for the analysis and identification of toxic chemicals .
lerner publishing group , based in minneapolis in the u.s. state of minnesota since its founding in 1959 , is one of the largest independently owned childrens book publishers in the united states . with more than 3,500 titles in print , lerner publishing group offers nonfiction and fiction books for grades k-12 . the group is made up of eight imprints , interface graphics , and muscle bound bindery .
century 21 is a chain of department stores in the northeastern united states , headquartered in new york city .
g sat is a subscription-based direct-to-home satellite television service commercially available in the philippines .
the navy league of the united states , commonly referred to as the navy league , is a national association with nearly 50,000 members who advocate for a strong , credible united states navy , united states marine corps , united states coast guard and u.s. merchant marine . it was founded in 1902 , at the suggestion of theodore roosevelt .
trimtabs investment research , inc. is a leading independent institutional research firm focused on equity market liquidity based in sausalito , california .
new boliden is a swedish mining and smelting company focusing on production of copper , zinc , lead , gold and silver . following a series of acquisitions during the 1980s and 1990s the company acquired mining and smelting assets of the finnish mining and smelting company outokumpu in 2003 . outokumpu acquired the subsidiary boliden contech and bolidens copper and zinc divisions . as a consequence of the deal , outokumpu ended up controlling 49 percent of the boliden shares .
kiesel guitars is an american manufacturer of electric guitars and electric bass guitars located in southern california . it was founded in 2015 and took over the guitar and bass portions of carvin corporation .
chinachem group is a corporate group established in hong kong by teddy wangs father wang din sin -LRB- -RRB- . the early years of the group were dedicated to exploration of and investment in agricultural projects and chemicals .
stodacom africa is an african corporate investigations , risk consultancy and geopolitical intelligence firm based in kampala , uganda working directly from more than 30 african countries . stodacom africa was established in 1999 as stodacom uganda limited and started work in 2006 . stodacom africa is known for investigating high profile corruption and general investigations cases on the continent .
jtekt corporation tyo : 6473 . t is a japanese multibillion corporation created in january 2006 upon the merger of two companies : koyo seiko co. and toyoda machine works . toyoda machine works . machine tool sales for north , central and south america , aftermarket support services , machine re-manufacturing and engineering services supplied by jtekt toyoda americas corporation .
western bridge corporate federal credit union , or wescorp , was a financial services cooperative headquartered in san dimas , california . as a corporate credit union , wescorp provided services to natural person credit unions . wescorp served americas credit union industry as an aggregator of financial products and services for the purpose of delivering cost-savings and greater efficiencies to more than 950 member/owner credit unions throughout the united states .
sheex , inc. is a bed linen company based in the united states . the company was founded in 2008 by former athletes and basketball coaches susan walvius and michelle marciniak . sheex linens are notable for being constructed not from cotton or silk but the type of advanced performance fabrics commonly found in modern athletic wear .
borders , was an singaporean-based bookseller , headquartered in melbourne , australia that also specialized in cds , dvds , calendars , stationery , gift packs and related merchandising in the pacific area of asia and australasia . it had stores internationally in new zealand and australia . all of the stores also were a-fitted with gloria jeans coffees cafes .
mobius motors is an automaker that started in mombasa , kenya , but is now based in nairobi , kenya , that builds inexpensive vehicles by integrating off-the-shelf parts within a durable and safe tubular steel frame . mobius motors designs , manufactures and sells vehicles in kenya for africas mass market .
something weird video is an american film distributor company based in seattle , washington . they specialize in exploitation films , particularly the works of harry novak , doris wishman , david f. friedman and herschell gordon lewis . the company is named after lewis 1967 film something weird , and the logo is taken from that films original poster art . something weird usually focus on b to z movies . something weird has distributed well over 2,500 films to date .
roc nation sports is the sports management division of roc nation . roc nation sports was founded by shawn jay-z carter in spring 2013 in partnership with creative artists agency , a prominent talent agency based in los angeles .
brabendercox is a nationally recognized republican political consulting firm , with offices in pittsburgh , pennsylvania , washington , d.c. , and harrisburg , pennsylvania . founded as brabendercox , inc. in 1982 , brabendercoxs pittsburgh office is located on mount washington , which overlooks the skyline of pittsburgh , pennsylvania , and contains a mock electric chair that was once used in a prop for a political commercial .
intelliscanner corporation is a north carolina-based hardware and software company that specializes in barcode enabled organizational products for home and business use . intelliscanner is known for their use of barcode technology and internet-enabled software to automatically enter information on media items , wine and groceries , as well as utilizing barcodes to allow users to organize other types of items with or without a barcode .
prodigy finance is a fintech platform that enables financing for international postgraduate students who attend a participating business school or postgraduate institution . prodigy finances loans are collectively funded by a community of alumni , institutional investors and qualified private investors who receive a financial and social return while the borrower gains access to higher education that they might not otherwise be able to finance .
positivo tecnologia is a brazilian technology company headquartered in curitiba , paran . it is the information technology arm of the larger organization grupo positivo . it is the largest computer manufacturer in latin america and the tenth largest in the world . in addition to computers , produces educational software , electronic games and set-top box for brazilian digital television .
service objects is a contact and data validation company specializing in data quality and verification .
bsendorfer is an austrian piano manufacturer and , since 2008 , a wholly owned subsidiary of yamaha . bsendorfer is unusual in that it produces 97 - and 92-key models in addition to instruments with standard 88-key keyboards .
partners in health is a boston-based nonprofit health care organization founded in 1987 by paul farmer , ophelia dahl , thomas j. white , todd mccormack , and jim yong kim . the organizations goals are to bring the benefits of modern medical science to those most in need of them and to serve as an antidote to despair . it provides healthcare in the poorest areas of developing countries .
fun88 is an online gaming company in asia that offers sports betting , live casinos , slots and keno games , all of which are available in multiple languages . fun88 is licensed and regulated by the isle of man and is certified and audited by gaming associates , an australian testing and auditing house for interactive gaming .
kaz minerals is a copper company focused on large scale , low cost open pit mining in kazakhstan . the group is listed in london , kazakhstan and hong kong stock exchanges . the company operates 4 underground mines and 3 concentrators in the east region , one open pit mine at bozymchak , kyrgyzstan and is developing two major growth projects aktogay and bozshakol , with the third - koksay - at scoping stage . kaz minerals was created after the completion of the restructuring of kazakhmys plc.
sumup is a mobile payments company headquartered in london with offices in berlin , london , boulder , sofia , amsterdam and so paulo .
lehni ag is a furniture manufacturing company based in dbendorf , switzerland , specializing in the production of anodized and powdercoated aluminium furniture . lehni was founded in 1928 by rudolf lehni , sr. , initially specializing in architectural and industrial metalworking . the company began producing furniture in 1963 , under the proprietorship of the founders son , rudolf lehni , jr. the company is known for fabricating both artwork and furniture designed by the artist donald judd .
janpak was a regional supplier of cleaning , janitorial and packaging products . it operates 17 distribution centers in the central and southeastern united states with over 100 delivery trucks . the headquarters of janpak is in davidson , north carolina . interline brands acquired janpak in 2012 and was renamed to supplyworks in 2015 .
legg mason , inc. is an american investment management firm with a focus on asset management and serves customers worldwide . legg mason offers products in equities and fixed income , as well as domestic and international liquidity management and alternative investments . created in 1970 through the acquisition of mason & co. by legg & co. to form legg mason & co. , inc. , legg mason is now among the largest asset managers in the world .
share is a highly regarded new york city peer support organization of women affected by breast or ovarian cancer . share is a professionally managed volunteer organization . trained volunteers and staff who are breast or ovarian cancer survivors operate telephone hotlines in english , spanish and ten other languages , lead support groups , and offer an array of educational services in 18 sites and in every borough of new york city .
golda or golda jewellery is a turkish jewellery fabricator and retail sales company . golda markets its product offerings under multiple brand names including goldas , assortie , silverdsign , weddingdsign , danthel , chip gold , and chip silver .
the agricultural technology research program is part of the aerospace , transportation and advanced systems laboratory of the georgia tech research institute . it was founded in 1973 to work with georgia agribusiness , especially the poultry industry , to develop new technologies and adapt existing ones for specialized industrial needs . the programs goal is to improve productivity , reduce costs , and enhance safety and health through technological innovations .
shapeshift is a company that offers global trading of a variety of digital assets via web and mobile platforms . the company does not collect personal data on its customers and exchanges one cryptocurrency for another without ever collecting customer funds into company accounts , which is unique among digital currency trading companies . if an exchange fails and the user does not make a refund claim within 90 days , the company will keep all assets .
french development agency is a public financial institution that implements the policy defined by the french government . it works to fight poverty and promote sustainable development . this public institution is active in africa , asia , the middle east , latin america , the caribbean and the french overseas territories where it finances and supports projects that improve living conditions for populations , promote economic growth and protect the planet .
the brown company , known as the brown corporation in canada , was a pulp and papermaking company based in berlin , new hampshire , united states . they closed their doors during the 1980s .
k is the eleventh letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . in english , the letter k usually represents the voiceless velar plosive .
kinoton gmbh was a german manufacturer of digital projection equipment , conventional film equipment , studio systems , and 360 led display systems . it was based in germering near munich with branches in berlin , hamburg , and neuss and service centers throughout germany and austria . via an international distribution and service network , the company served customers worldwide .
warner premiere was the direct-to-video label of warner home video , the home video unit of warner bros. .
juvenilia press is a pedagogic press based in the school of english , media and performing arts at the university of new south wales . the press undertakes to provide undergraduate and post-graduate students with hands-on publishing experience under the guidance of an academic supervisor .
runtastic is an austrian mobile fitness company that combines traditional fitness with mobile applications , social networking and elements of gamification as a logical reaction to the quantified self movement . runtastic develops activity tracker apps , hardware products , and services , such as : online training logs , detailed data analysis , comparisons to other users , and many more functions to help users improve their overall fitness . on august 5 , 2015 , adidas bought runtastic for $ 239 million .
zapprx is a boston , ma-based digital health company that provides a secure online platform used by patients , physicians , and pharmacists for the management of specialty medications . founded in 2012 by ceo zoe barry , zapprx works with pharmaceutical companies to help fast-track the prescription process for patients affected by severe or life-threatening diseases who need access to specialty drugs .
valles steak house was an american chain of restaurants that operated on the east coast of the united states from 1933 to 2000 . the chains menu focused on steaks and lobsters . a family run business , valles aggressively expanded during the early 1970s but was unable to weather the financial challenges of the gas crisis and the resulting economic downturn increasing labor costs , the death of its founder , and the changing dining habits of its customers .
asc finance for business is the largest group of commercial mortgage brokers in the uk based in regents park , london . it was started in 1969 by josef sucharewicz and was later joined in business by his brother henry ejdelbaum . asc finance for business has four core products range : business finance , property finance , asset and working capital finance and corporate finance . they specialise in obtaining finance for all types of businesses .
plus communication sh.a . was an albanian-owned and operated telecommunications company . it was the 4th mobile operator in albania by number of subscribers .
western air limited is the largest privately owned airline in the bahamas . western air has its headquarters on the grounds of san andros airport in andros island , bahamas . the airline was established in 2001 by husband-and-wife team , rex j. rolle and shandrice woodside - rolle . currently , mr. and mrs. rolle serve as president & ceo and coo respectively . their daughter , sherrexcia rexy rolle , is an aviation attorney and serves as vice president of operations and general counsel .
sky paragliders a.s. is a czech aircraft manufacturer based in frdlant nad ostravic . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of paragliders in the form of ready-to-fly aircraft . the company also produces paragliding harnesses , reserve parachutes and paragliding accessories . the company is organized as an akciov spolenost , a czech joint-stock company . reviewer noel bertrand described the company in a 2003 review as having a reputation for quality machines ...
otter creek brewing is a brewery in middlebury , vermont , that produces two lines of beer : otter creek craft ales , and shed brewery ales . it brewed wolavers organic brewery beers from 2002 until 2015 , when it ceased brewing that line .
shinsei bank , limited is a leading diversified japanese financial institution that provides a full range of financial products and services to both institutional and individual customers . it is headquartered in chuo , tokyo .
bombardier transportation is the rail equipment division of the canadian firm bombardier inc. bombardier transportation is one of the worlds largest companies in the rail vehicle and equipment manufacturing and servicing industry . the division is headquartered in berlin , germany and has many regional offices , production and development facilities worldwide .
bivolino , founded in 1954 , is a belgian clothing manufacturer , specialized in customized shirts . bivolino.com was founded by the brothers louis and jacques byvoet . on 13 october 1987 the company was passed over to michel byvoet .
crystal group is a hong kong headquartered clothing manufacturer , employing over 48,000 people in asia . crystal group was established in 1970 , employs over 48,000 people in 20 locationas and has an annual turnover of over us $ 1.6 billion . the chairman is the billionaire businessman , kenneth lo . the ceo is his son andrew lo .
initially , 123people was developed as a real time people search service , which gathered information from the deep web and over 200 external datasources , to present it in a structured search result dashboard view . 123people only gathers publicly available information from an extensive list of international as well as regional sources .
the bascol group , at present embraces companies within the sectors of construction , property development and asset management . with headquarters in coimbra , bascol has also offices in porto and lisboa . and opened last year offices in luanda , angola and curitiba , brasil . with a history dating from 1982 , bascol-construo civil was formed by the current president of its council of administration , the engineer , antnio bastos .
coastal extreme brewing company is a brewery in newport , rhode island . usa , that produces beer under its newport storm label . it first began brewing beer in 1999 . in 2007 , coastal extreme brewing company expanded to create newport distilling company , producer of thomas tew rum the only current rum producing operation in rhode island .
manic panic is the original line of fashion hair colors in the usa . its based in new york city . the company is run by tish and snooky bellomo .
ming yang wind power group limited is the largest private wind turbine manufacturer in china and the fifth largest overall in the country . since 1 october 2010 , the company was listed on the new york stock exchange until 2016 , june 22 . the company is focusing on designing , manufacturing , selling and servicing megawatt-class wind turbines . ming yang cooperates with aerodyn energiesysteme , a leading wind turbine design firm based in germany .
geo semiconductor inc. is a privately held fabless semiconductor company that designs video and geometry processing integrated circuits . founded in 2009 by paul russo , the company is best known for its ewarp geometric processing engine that provides the only solution able to concatenate multiple transforms in real-time with hd resolutions up to 60fps .
wing enterprises is a springville , utah company , and the largest manufacturer of american-made ladders . the company produces the little giant ladder system , a convertible aluminium ladder system . the founder of wing enterprises , harold ray wing , came across a prototype of the ladder in germany in the 1970s . he patented the design in the united states and began manufacturing the ladder in his home and selling it at trade shows .
supercheap auto is an australian automotive retailer . over the past 15 years , supercheap auto has experienced more than 25 % compound annual revenue growth . the managing director is peter birtles .
the afghan wireless communication company , commonly referred to as afghan wireless , is afghanistans first wireless communications company . founded in 2002 , it is based in kabul , afghanistan with various regional offices . afghan wireless launched the first 4g lte service in afghanistan in 2017 , at which point it was the largest private employer in the country .
nordmre energiverk is a power company based in the town of kristiansund in mre og romsdal county , norway . the company operates hydroelectric power plants and the power grid in the municipalities of aure , avery , kristiansund , smla and tingvoll . along with the municipalities , trnderenergi owns 49 % of the company . the company also operates fiberoptic broadband in the region .
danfysik is a danish developer and manufacturer of particle accelerators for scientific research and medical usage , specialized magnets and particle accelerator power supplies .
plantscape , inc. is an interior landscaping firm based in minneapolis , minnesota . the company was established in 1974 and is a producer of artificial trees and silk plants for commercial real estate , hospitality , health care , and other industries . they provide manufacturing , design and installation services and have completed projects in the united states and internationally .
paizo publishing is an american publishing company in redmond , washington that specializes in game aids and adventures for the worlds oldest fantasy roleplaying game and its flagship spin-off game and setting , pathfinder . the companys name is derived from the greek word paiz , which means i play or to play , and in 2014 , the company changed its name to paizo inc.
optinmonster is an online lead generation software developed in florida , united states . it is a standalone application that integrates with web platforms , such as drupal , wordpress , joomla , shopify , magento , and bigcommerce . the software is used by online marketers to convert website visitors into subscribers and customers .
instron is a manufacturer of test equipment designed to evaluate the mechanical properties of materials and components , such as universal testing machines . in 1946 , harold hindman and george burr , who worked together at massachusetts institute of technology , teamed up to determine the properties of new materials to be used in parachutes . together , they designed a material testing machine based on strain gauge load cells and servo-control systems .
hotel chocolat is a british chocolatier and cocoa grower , with over seventy shops in the united kingdom . hotel chocolat is the only company in the united kingdom to grow cocoa on its own plantation .
ccmp capital is an american private equity investment firm that focuses on leveraged buyout and growth capital transactions . formerly known as jp morgan partners , the investment professionals of jp morgan partners separated from jpmorgan chase on july 31 , 2006 . ccmp has invested approximately $ 12 billion in leveraged buyout and growth capital transactions since inception . in 2007 , ccmp was ranked # 17 among worlds largest private equity funds .
san nicasio is a spanish brand of gourmet potato chips , established in 1999 . the slow cooked chips have won a number of food industry awards for quality and have received a level of notoriety due to the high price tag of the product .
ally fashion is an australian womens fast fashion retailer . the company commenced operation in 2001 as a wholesaler launching its first store in macarthur square , sydney .
the organization announced in 2017 that it will establish three new schools : dunecrest american school in dubai , fairgreen international school in dubai and american international school in bahrain . esol education , is an organization in the field of primary and secondary education , specialized in establishing and managing american and british international schools .
sports interactive limited is a british video game developer based in london , england , best known for the football manager series . founded by the collyer brothers in july 1994 , the studio was by acquired japanese video game publisher sega in 2006 . in addition to its work on football manager , the studio has also created a number of other sports management simulations , including nhl eastside hockey manager and championship manager quiz , and is the former developer of championship manager .
helical plc is a uk focused property investment and development company focusing on design led london developments and high yielding regional investment holdings . it is based in london and a constituent of the ftse smallcap index .
rafaella , or rafaella sportswear , is a womens clothing brand owned by the publicly held international clothing company perry ellis international . originally created by rafaella apparel group , the brand changed ownership to cerberus capital management before being bought and expanded by perry ellis .
bamtech , llc , doing business as bamtech media , is a technology subsidiary of the walt disney company located in manhattan , new york city . it was established in 2015 as a spin-off of mlb advanced mediathe digital media arm of major league baseball , focused on providing streaming video technology , particularly for over-the-top content services .
china railway materials commercial corp. -RRB- is a state-owned company of china , under the supervision of state-owned assets supervision and administration commission of the state council . the predecessor of the group was the materials administration bureau of the ministry of railways . the major subsidiary of the group was china railway materials co. , ltd. .
mf global , formerly known as man financial , was a major global financial derivatives broker , or commodities brokerage firm that went bankrupt in 2011 . mf global provided exchange-traded derivatives , such as futures and options as well as over-the-counter products such as contracts for difference , foreign exchange and spread betting . mf global inc. , its broker-dealer subsidiary , was a primary dealer in united states treasury securities .
the nanto bank , ltd. is a regional bank that mainly operates in nara prefecture , japan . the bank , established in june 1934 , has 136 domestic branches in nara , osaka , kyoto , hyogo , mie , wakayama , and tokyo as well as representative offices in hong kong and shanghai , china . the nanto bank commands 48.4 % of all deposits and 50.5 % of all lending in nara prefecture that mainly serves as bedroom communities for neighboring osaka , with a population of 1,421,000 .
hopewell dental care is a dental services provider in heath , ohio and was founded by a group of licking county dentists . hopewell dental care is a frequent contributor to oral care and health daily , a dental health site developed by crest pro-health .
lindsay goldberg is an american private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in middle-market companies in such sectors as consumer products , commodity-based manufacturing , energy services , business services , financial services , energy transmission and waste disposal .
microsoft mobile was a subsidiary of microsoft involved in the development and manufacturing of mobile phones . based in espoo , finland , it was established in 2014 following the acquisition of nokias devices and services division by microsoft in a deal valued at 5.4 billion , which was completed in april 2014 .
city mart holdings is myanmars one of the largest retail chain , employing more than 8,000 employees . the city mart group started as a modern supermarket in 1996 in the north wing of bogyoke aung san stadium but has since expanded into many different aspects of modern retail trade such as supermarkets , pharmacies , bookstores , baby stores , convenience stores and bakery & coffee shops .
goldenfry foods is a british food manufacturer based in wetherby , west yorkshire . the company manufactures most own brand supermarket gravy products as well as many of their own food products . in 1999 the company completely rebuilt their wetherby factory , the modern building is now a modern steel structure with glass fronted entrances , this replaced a collection of dated sheds . the company employs approximately 200 full-time employees .
lexington state bank was a banking company based in lexington , north carolina . its motto was the bank and its slogans were beeline banking , and easy as l-s-b . the bank had 29 branches across the piedmont triad region operating in davidson , stokes , forsyth , guilford , and randolph counties of north carolina . lsb bancshares , inc. was the holding company for lexington state bank . in 2007 , it merged with fnb southeast to form newbridge bank .
for the quartier of saint barthlemy see le chteau , saint barthlemyle chteau inc. is a fashion company founded in 1959 in montreal , quebec , canada that designs , imports and retails a wide range of womens and mens apparel , accessories and footwear . in 2015 , the company generated sales of about $ 237 million cad . the company sells directly to customers from 211 retail stores in canada , one in the new york metropolitan area , as well as five throughout the united arab emirates and saudi arabia .
marin is a bicycle manufacturer founded in marin county , california and established in 1986 . it specializes in mountain bikes but also offers several other variants . many of its bike models are named after locations in and around marin county .
thor industries , inc. is an american manufacturer of recreational vehicles . the company sells towable and motorized rvs through its subsidiaries brands including airstream , heartland rv , jayco , livin lite rv , and others . the companys headquarters is in elkhart , indiana . it has manufacturing facilities in michigan , ohio , indiana , idaho , and oregon .
pacific advantage ltd was a hong kong-based marketing company that was acquired by juniper networks in 2000 for us $ 4 million in stock .
cage rage championships , also known as cage rage , was a united kingdom-based , mixed martial arts promotion that premiered on 7 september 2002 in london . cage rage went into liquidation and is now no longer trading . cage rage had been owned and managed by elite xc until that company ceased operating , and the british promoters behind cage rage formed a new organization and withdrew all the old cage rage titles . matchmaker and on-screen personality .
ambient weather is an arizona based weather station and software manufacturer that specializes in customized solutions and products for the home and office , industry , schools , resorts , government and the media .
warevalley is a software manufacturer headquartered in seoul , south korea .
sabmiller made an initial investment of over us $ 100m in the onitsha brewery that was commissioned on 30 august 2012 . in 2014 a decision was made to invest us $ 110 million to increase the current annual capacity from 700 000 to 2.1 million hectolitres . the capacity upgrade was due to be completed in 2015 .
ffestiniog travel was established in 1974 . it is a sister company to the ffestiniog railway , both organisations being owned by the ffestiniog & welsh highland railways trust which is a registered charity . profits go to support the preservation of the fr and welsh highland railway .
photodisc , inc. based in seattle , was a publisher of digital stock photography free of royalties . it was founded in 1991 by tom hughes , mark callaghan and mark torrance , who later became the chief executive officer and chairman . after receiving the catalog in the mail , customers would write or phone the office and order the photos or pre-made collections by charter artists clement mok or nick koudis which would then be shipped to them on cd-rom .
first transit is a united states-based subsidiary of firstgroup . it provides contract public transit and paratransit services , transit management services and transit consulting throughout north america . first transit is a sister company to first student , which provides school bus services in the same geographic market . in april 2016 , it commenced operations in india .
joeys seafood restaurants is a seafood restaurant chain in canada . the chain was started in calgary , alberta , canada in 1985 by joe klassen . franchising began in 1992 and has expanded to over 100 franchise locations in north america . joeys restaurants has been cooking their food with trans fat free oil since 2005 . joeys restaurants is the largest seafood restaurant chain in canada .
grupo posadas sab de cv or posadas is a mexican hotel company based in mexico city . it owns , leases , operates and manages hotels , resorts and villas in its 6 different brands . to december 31 , 2013 grupo posadas operates and controls 110 hotels and resorts with a total of 18.943 rooms in 45 cities in mexico and the united states . the only destination outside mexico is in the state of texas , in the united states .
grand cinemas and ace cinemas are a western australian chain of cinema multiplexes . the chain is operated by the movie masters cinema group .
earthmind is a not-for-profit association based at the international union for conservation of nature conservation centre in gland , switzerland . its sister organisation is a french eurl founded in 2010 and based in divonne-les-bains , france . earthmind brings together a network of independent professional associates and consultants who operate in the field of sustainable development and biodiversity conservation .
siberian coal energy company is one of top-ten global coal producers by output , international sales and reserves and russias largest coal producer , which has affiliates and subsidiaries in krasnoyarsk oblast , primorsky krai , and khabarovsk krai , chita oblast , kemerovo oblast , buryatia and khakassia .
metlifecare is one of new zealands largest retirement village providers . they currently own and operate 24 retirement villages throughout the north island of new zealand . they have been listed on the nzx since 1992 , and the australian asx main board since october 2013 . they are a component of the nzx 50 index . competitors of metlifecare include bupa , ryman healthcare and summerset holdings .
casper sleep is a privately held , u.s.-based , e-commerce company that sells sleep products online . headquartered in new york city , the company has showrooms in new york city , san francisco and los angeles and mattresses are manufactured in both georgia and pennsylvania .
laserband llc was a provider of patient identification products to hospitals and emergency services and headquartered in st. louis , missouri . zebra technologies acquired laserband in 2012 . prior to the acquisition , laserband reported sales of $ 24 million .
zonbu is a technology company that markets a computing platform which combines a web-centric service , a small form factor pc , and an open source based software architecture . zonbu was founded by alain rossmann and gregoire gentil .
nexcelle is a joint venture between ge aviations middle river aircraft systems and safran nacelles both of which are suppliers of engine nacelles , thrust reversers and aerostructures . headquartered in cincinnati , ohio , nexcelle has teamed with its parent companies to develop , produce and support integrated propulsion systems for jet engine applications on single-aisle jetliners and business aircraft .
le creuset is a premium french cookware manufacturer best known for its colorfully-enameled cast-iron cookware french ovens , also known as cocottes or coquelles and sauce pans or casseroles . the company also makes many other types of cookware and bakeware , from fondue-sets to tagines .
artifort is a design furniture manufacturer . it was founded in 1890 by jules wagemans in maastricht , the netherlands . since 1998 , artifort is a lande group brand . the headquarters is located in schijndel . the furniture is made in-house at the production-units in schijndel , lanaken , belgium and bursa , turkey . artifort furniture is known for its organic shapes , upholstery and is sold worldwide both in the contract and residential market .
pcc lskie linie kolejowe is a polish rail company operating as a dependent company of pcc rail . pcc lk is responsible for managing railway lines . the company manages almost 150 km of railway lines and 80 km of electric traction .
want want china holdings limited is the largest maker of rice cakes and flavored milk in china . it is also engaged in the manufacturing and sales of snack foods and beverages . the companys parent company is want want holdings in taiwan . its headquarters are in minhang district , shanghai .
the aflcio employees federal credit union is a multiple common bond , federally chartered credit union headquartered in washington , d.c. the credit union was founded in 1952 for members of the afl-cio . it currently has two locations serving 9,723 members . afl-cio employees fcu has assets of $ 76 million . the most current annual report lists assets for fiscal year ending december 31 , 2015 , as $ 53.6 million .
model n , inc. is a public american software company founded in 1999 and headquartered in san mateo , california . the name model n refers to model next , as in the next big thing , according to founder zack rinat . the companys focus is on revenue management software , based on developments by rinat , initially for pharmaceutical and medical device companies .
contify is a software as a service saas company that develops market intelligence products for sales people , strategy teams and research analysts . founded in 2009 , contify is used to track news , mentions , social media updates and any other publicly available information on companies .
kwanpen is a singapore-based manufacturer and retailer specializing in crocodile leather goods .
the harpenden building society is an english building society , which has its head office in harpenden , hertfordshire . formed on 3 march 1953 , it is the 31st largest in the united kingdom based on total assets of 286 million at 31 december 2013 . it is a member of the building societies association . the societies aim is to grow and provide a flexible and competitive investment and mortgage service whilst returning value to the local community .
andhra pradesh medtech zone limited is an enterprise under the government of andhra pradesh , a 270 acre zone , dedicated for medical device manufacturing . the objective is to reduce the cost of manufacturing up to 40 % , to simplify end-to-end operations for manufacturers , and to reduce import dependency .
teledyne technologies , inc. , is an american industrial conglomerate primarily based in the united states but with global operations . it was founded in 1960 , as teledyne , inc. , by henry singleton and george kozmetsky . from august 1996 to november 1999 , teledyne existed as part of the conglomerate allegheny teledyne incorporated a combination of the former teledyne , inc. , and the former allegheny ludlum corporation .
carter holt harvey limited is a privately owned new zealand company controlled by rank group limited , the corporate vehicle of the countrys richest man , graeme hart . based in auckland , new zealand , the company has three main divisions : woodproducts new zealand and woodproducts australia , which are both major australasian manufacturers of wood-based building products and carters , a new zealand chain of trade-focused building supply stores .
china general technology group is a chinese state-owned conglomerate spanning the areas of machinery manufacturing , pharmaceuticals , engineering contracting , construction and real estate , and technical consulting .
jakab industries was an australian coachbuilder in tamworth , new south wales .
dinamic software was a spanish video games producer and publishing company . it was founded in 1983 , and its activity ceased in 1992 , comprising the golden era of spanish software . one year later , a part of its owners founded an independent company named dinamic multimedia . at the end of the 1980s , another company , aventuras ad destinated to produce text adventures , was born from dinamic software .
petrojack was a norwegian offshore drilling rig operator . the company had two jackup rigs under order from jurong shipyard in singapore , while it sold its two former rigs petrojack i and petrojack iii to maersk drilling . the company was founded in 2004 and was listed on the oslo stock exchange the next year . the largest shareholders were petrolia drilling , awilco offshore and sinvest .
tell tale productions inc. is a media production company based in halifax , nova scotia , canada , specializing in one-off documentaries , factual entertainment series , and interactive media .
qardio , inc. is an american technology company that specializes in heart health monitoring products . it was founded by marco peluso and rosario iannella in early 2012 . qardios first product , qardioarm , is a wireless blood pressure monitor that connects with appless health app , received fda 510k clearance in june 2014 . at ces 2015 , qardio announced two new products , qardiobase smart scale and body analyzer and qardiomd a medical dashboard for doctors .
magang holding company limited , or masteel , is one of the largest iron and steel enterprises in mainland china headquartered in maanshan , anhui province . it gained the fame of a flower of jiangnan . masteel was founded in 1958 from maanshan iron mining plant . in 1993 , it split into magang holding company holding company limited in 1998 -RRB- and maanshan iron & steel company limited .
axonic informationssysteme gmbh is a privately held software developer , based in karlsruhe , germany that develops and markets products focused on digital communication and information .
abengoa s.a. is a spanish multinational corporation , which includes companies in the domains of energy , telecommunications , transportation , and the environment . the company was founded in 1941 by javier benjumea puigcerver and jos manuel abaurre fernndez-pasalagua , and is based in seville , spain with u.s. headquarters in st. louis , missouri .
zoo york was an american company that designed and marketed skateboards , apparel , sneakers and accessories . the company was founded in 1993 by skateboarders rodney smith , eli morgan gessner , and adam schatz . the brand , named for the graffiti-art infused counterculture of 1970s new york city , serves up a wide range of casual , utilitarian looks for men and women that takes creative inspiration from new york citys skateboarding , hip-hop , and graffiti cultures .
the word at is an english word , which may act as a preposition . at may also refer to : .
fiorellas jack stack barbecue is a small chain of barbecue restaurants , catering , private dining facilities , and nationwide shipper of barbecue located in the metropolitan area of kansas city , missouri .
xto energy inc. is an american energy company , principally operating in america , specializing in the drilling and production of unconventional oil and natural gas assets , typically from shale rock through a process known as hydraulic fracturing . it is a subsidiary of exxon mobil corporation . the acquisition of xto energy in 2010 made exxonmobil the largest producer of natural gas in the u.s. since then , xto energys resource portfolio has tripled through several acquisitions .
budweiser bier or budweiser brgerbru was the name for the beer and the administration of the brgerliches brauhaus budweis , which in 1795 was founded by the german-speaking burghers of the bohemian city of budweis in the kingdom of bohemia -RRB- . in 1894 , the official company name was die budweiser bruberechtigten - brgerliches bruhaus-gegrndet 1795 - budweis .
maqam is a us-based production company specializing in arabic and middle eastern media . the company was established by a small group of arabic music and culture lovers , later becoming a division of 3b media inc. maqam is an arabic word meaning a position of high esteem . it also refers to a musical mode in arabic music that is based on the quarter-tone scale . the companys consumer retail web site is considered to be the worlds biggest on-line source for arabic music .
red planet media , inc. is an american mobile entertainment services company . the company was a spun out of clearsky mobile media , inc. in 2007 to concentrate on the development of new mobile media platforms for the u.s. and latin american markets . since that time , the company has launched a multi-lingual mobile social networking platform called jumpinmobile.com and a mobile video-on-demand service called jumpinmobile . tv . red planet media is headquartered in orlando florida .
arcus asa is norways largest wholesaler of wine and liquor . it was created when it was demerged from the state owned wine and liquor retailer vinmonopolet on january 1 , 1996 to differ between the retailing , kept in vinmonopolet , and the import , export , production and storage that was transferred to arcus .
astroprint is a cloud platform and application marketplace designed for consumer 3d printing by 3dagogo inc. , a private san diego based technology company . astroprint develops software to enable the management of desktop 3d printers from any web enabled device , without requiring any technical expertise . astroprint claims to be a unifying software platform in the fragmented consumer 3d printing space .
the martin werhand verlag is a german publishing house with a focus on contemporary literature and poetry . more than 25 % of the 150 published authors have an immigrant background with parents who were born outside of germany and have their roots in countries like the netherlands , greece , spain , croatia , austria , italy , poland , hungary , latvia , iran , kazakhstan , romania , bulgaria , turkey , sri lanka , south korea , russia or uganda . thus is also a mirror image of the german society .
million film -LRB- -RRB- was one of the early independent studios which produced pink films . along with op eiga , shinth eiga , kant and kji wakamatsus production studio , million film was one of the most influential on the genre during its first decade . many of the most prominent directors and performers in the pink film genre worked for million film .
agencia venezolana de noticias is the national news agency of venezuela . it is part of the ministry of popular power for communication and information , but is run as an autonomous service . it reports on national and regional issues , as well as on latin america in general .
rgp , formerly known as resources global professionals , is the operating arm of resources connection , inc. . the company provides consulting services in the areas of finance & accounting information management governance , risk & compliance human capital legal & regulatory corporate advisory & restructuring strategic communications and supply chain management .
hmv canada ltd. was a retailer in canada , owned by hilco . the company was originally a subsidiary of hmv in the united kingdom until it was sold to hilco in 2011 . hmv itself would later be bought by hilco in 2013 . hmv canadas head office was located in etobicoke . the retailer went out of business in spring 2017 .
centum investments , commonly known as centum is a public east african investment company . it operates as an affiliate of the kenyan government-owned industrial and commercial development corporation .
digital playground inc. is an american pornographic movie studio , headquartered in burbank , california . it has been called one of the five biggest porn studios and , in 2006 , was described by reuters as one of the handful of studios that dominate the u.s. porn industry . the studio has been at the forefront of introducing new communications technology , as it emerges , into porn . digital playground has a traffic ranking of 8016 .
handmade films is a british film production and distribution company . notable films from the studio include monty pythons life of brian , time bandits , withnail and i , and lock , stock and two smoking barrels .
dixy -LRB- -RRB- is russias third largest food retail company . the moscow-based company and its subsidiaries specialize in sale of food and everyday products . dixy is a subsidiary of mercury group . as of january 2014 , the company has 1489 neighborhood stores , supermarkets and convenience stores in moscow , st. petersburg and three federal districts of russia : central , northwest and urals and also in the kaliningrad oblast , including :1385 dixy stores ,11 minimart stores ,19 megamart stores ,1 .
supermax corporation berhad started as a trader and exporter of latex gloves in 1987 before venturing into manufacturing in 1989 . it is malaysias largest own brand manufacturer and the worlds second largest producer of rubber gloves . supermax has succeeded in establishing its own brands with a strong presence in canada , the u.s. , mexico and brazil . almost 100 % of its production is exported to medical and dental buyers .
otb is the parent company of fashion brands diesel , maison margiela , marni , paula cademartori , viktor & rolf , and companies staff international , specialized in ready-to-wear production and distribution , and brave kid , specialized in childrenswear production and distribution .
reitan group or reitangruppen is a norwegian wholesaler and retail franchiser . the company has five core business areas : rema 1000 , reitan convenience , uno-x energy , reitan eiendom and reitan kapital . the company has 3,836 stores in norway , sweden , denmark , finland , estonia , latvia and lithuania . reitan group is owned by odd reitan and his two sons , ole robert reitan and magnus reitan .
rootmetrics offers scientifically collected and crowdsourced mobile network performance information to consumers and the industry . the firm captures user information by testing network performance when consumers are using their mobile phone for voice or data communications . rootmetrics was acquired by analytics firm ihs inc. in 2015 .
trend news agency is a news company in azerbaijan , the caucasusregion , and central asia .
bbmg corporation ltd. is a cement producer and property developer headquartered in beijing , china . it is the largest supplier of building materials in beijing , tianjin and hebei province . bbmg corporation ltd. is a state-controlled enterprise , with the majority shareholder being bbmg group with a 45 % stake .
starship group is a british digital media , entertainment and technology company based in liverpool , uk . the development studio , based in the citys baltic triangle area , specialises in creating next-generation original content across the games , entertainment , lifestyle , virtual reality and e-health sectors . the studio is an umbrella company housing several smaller studios each currently developing original content .
jupiter entertainment is an unscripted television production company in the united states founded by stephen land in 1996 . the company has offices located in new york , los angeles and knoxville , tennessee . in march 2015 , sky plc acquired 60 % of jupiter .
copa studio is a brazilian flash animation studio based in rio de janeiro , founded in 2009 . its productions include kiara e os luminitos , trunk train , and haunted tales for wicked kids and jorels brother for cartoon network , as well as monicas gang television specials .
preston hire group is an australian group of companies that supply specialised materials handling equipment hire to the construction and industrial sectors . preston hire groups range of equipment hire includes mini cranes , steel props and cantilevered retractable crane loading platforms , an innovation that was designed by the groups founder , john preston .
torker is a brand of bicycles and unicycles currently owned by seattle bike supply , headquartered in kent , washington .
metalloinvest management company llc is a russian mining and metallurgy company specializing in the manufacture of steel . it was founded in 1999 and is composed of a mining division and a steel division and ural steel -RRB- . usm holdings owns 100 % of metalloinvest jsc .
editorial atlntida is a prominent argentine publishing house and the countrys leading magazine publisher and distributor .
bank of greene county is a federally-chartered savings bank headquartered in catskill , ny with 14 branches located in the hudson valley counties of greene , columbia , albany , and ulster countiesthe bank was initially founded on january 22 , 1889 as the building & loan association of catskill . thomas e. ferrier , catskill town supervisor and owner of a brickyard and knitting mill , was elected as the associations first president .
dki claims to be the largest organization in north america that contracts for disaster restoration . in june 2013 , its annual revenue was $ 1.7 billion . the organization began franchising in 1994 . the organization operates a network that supports its member companies , which operate as independent contractors .
grupo abril is a brazilian media conglomerate headquartered in so paulo . the company is the holding company of editora abril , which publishes the weekly newsmagazine veja .
comptel corporation was an international construction company specialising in fasade . the head construction specialist is named isauro . comptel was founded in helsinki , finland in 1986 , the trade register entry was made on 30 june . initially company was a system development and it subsidiary of helsinki telephone association . comptel was listed on nasdaq omx helsinki in 1999 under the code ctl1v .
the nigerian national shipping line was established by the nigerian government in 1959 . despite heavy investment and subsidies , the state-owned company was unable to compete with european lines . much of the investment went to enriching the political elite . deeply indebted , the nnsl was liquidated in 1995 and all 21 of its vessels were sold .
the hafun fishing company is a fishing and real estate firm headquartered in bosaso , the commercial capital of the autonomous puntland regional state in northeastern somalia .
sustainable timber tasmania is a government business enterprise wholly owned by the government of tasmania , australia . it is responsible for the management of public production forest in tasmania , which is about 800,000 hectares of crown land that is classified as permanent timber production zone . the company was first established in 1994 , although it has earlier historical origins from operations undertaken by the state government .
rawdon brothers aircraft inc was a united states aircraft manufacturer between 1938 and 1978 .
grupa lotos s.a. is a vertically integrated oil company based in gdask , poland . the company is listed in the polish index wig30 . its main activity branches are : crude oil production , refining and marketing of oil products . the company is a leader in lubricants on the polish market . grupa lotos is a producer of unleaded gasoline , diesel , fuel oils , aviation fuels , motor and industrial lubricants , bitumens and waxes .
the daily pakistan is a daily newspaper in pakistan , published both in urdu language and in english . mr. mujeeb-ur-rehman shami is currently its chief editor . daily pakistan is currently published from lahore , karachi , islamabad , multan and peshawar simultaneously .
vionnet is an haute couture label founded by the french couturier madeleine vionnet . established in 1912 , the house of vionnet closed doors in 1939 . vionnet was relaunched by guy and arnaud de lummen in the mid-1990s with perfumes and accessories , and then in 2006 with ready-to-wear collections . since 2012 , vionnet belongs to the kazakh businesswoman goga ashkenazi .
the ykk group is a japanese group of manufacturing companies . as the worlds largest zipper manufacturer , ykk group is most known for making zippers however , it also manufactures other fastening products , architectural products , plastic hardware and industrial machinery . the initials ykk stand for yoshida kgy kabushiki gaisha , which was the name of the company from 1945 until 1994 .
golden gate capital is an american private equity firm based in san francisco . the firm makes investments in a number of select industries , including technology , financial services , retail and industrial , through leveraged buyout transactions as well as significant minority purchases and growth capital investments .
rambus incorporated , founded in 1990 , is an american technology licensing company , and has also been labelled as a patent troll . the company became well known for its intellectual property-based litigation following the introduction of ddr-sdram memory .
kingsisle entertainment is a video game developer based in austin and plano , texas , founded by elie akilian in january 2005 and launched the following month . perhaps the best known of the companys recruits are tom hall , co-founder of id software and ion storm and j. todd coleman , co-founder of wolfpack studios . coleman and tom hall have since left kingsisle entertainment . the business primary focus is creating family online games .
centro , inc. is a software and managed services company used by brands and advertising agencies to buy online ads from publishers . advertisers use centro for digital media planning and buying , ad operations , and finance and reconciliation . the company was founded by shawn riegsecker in 2001 . centro has received awards for company culture and for being great place to work in the advertising industry , in the u.s. , in chicago and in new york .
ticknor and fields was an american publishing company based in boston , massachusetts .
cushman is a manufacturer of industrial , personal , and custom vehicles . it is currently based in augusta , georgia , united states , and is owned by textron .
the electric power distribution operator is an energy company engaged in constructing , operating , maintaining , and developing the electricity distribution network serving households and private clients throughout albania . formerly known as cez shprndarje sh . a , the company changed its name to operatori i shprndarjes s energjis elektrike sh.a . in july 2014 .
everbright securities company limited is one of the largest securities brokerage by assets in china , controlled by state-owned financial conglomerate , china everbright group . it was founded in 1996 and is based in shanghai . it was listed on the shanghai stock exchange in 2009 with capital raising of cn10 .96 billion .
museum replicas ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of atlanta cutlery corp. designing , replicating , manufacturing , reselling arms , armor and period clothing for men and women . it features swords , daggers , helmets , suits of armor , accessories , costumes and home accents with the historical themes of greek , roman , viking , medieval , renaissance and the industrial niche of steampunk .
intrepid pictures is an american independent film and television production company dedicated to producing elevated commercial content for global mainstream audiences . it was founded in 2004 by trevor macy and marc d. evans , and is currently based in santa monica , california .
vivitar corporation was a manufacturer , distributor , and marketer of photographic and optical equipment originally based in santa monica , california . since 2008 , the vivitar name serves as sakar internationals house brand for digital imaging , optics , mobile accessories , and audio products .
cunard white star line , ltd. , was a british shipping line which existed between 1934 and 1949 , it was created as an operating company to control the joint shipping assets of the cunard line and the white star line after both companies experienced financial difficulties during the great depression . cunard white star controlled a total of twenty-five large ocean liners .
first state super is a not-for-profit australian superannuation fund . it was initially established in 1992 to provide superannuation benefits to new south wales government employees , but is now open to anyone eligible to receive superannuation . it is one of australias largest superannuation funds , with more than $ 57 billion in funds under management and over 770,000 members .
sibley , lindsay & curr company , known informally as sibleys , was a rochester , new york-based department store chain with stores located exclusively in the state of new york . its flagship store , at 228 east main street in downtown rochester , also housed its headquarters and featured an elegant executive dining room on the top floor .
eone television is a television production company , based in toronto , ontario .
freelife international is an american multi-level marketing company established in 1995 by ray faltinsky and kevin fournier that supplies nutritional supplements .
jack wolfskin is a major german producer of outdoor wear and equipment headquartered in idstein . it was founded in 1981 and is now one of the biggest suppliers of outdoor products and at the same time most successful franchiser in the german specialist trade market of sports equipment . their products include mountain and leisure clothing , footwear , rucksacks , sleeping bags , and tents .
the fat cat brewery is a brewery located at the fat cat brewery tap , lawson road , norwich in the english county of norfolk . the brewery is owned by colin keatley landlord of the fat cat public house twice winner of the camra national pub of the year .
full compass systems is a us retailer of professional audio , professional video , lighting equipment and musical instruments . in addition to offering over 700 equipment brands , they also provide services such as computer systems integration and equipment rentals . full compass is an authorized service center and parts distributor for many brands they carry . the company was founded in 1977 by jonathan lipp and is located in madison , wisconsin .
lightning motorcycle corp. is an american manufacturer of electric motorcycles . ceo and founder richard hatfield started the company in 2006 in san carlos , california . founder hatfield looked to convert a motorbike to electric with lithium batteries after participating in an electric porsche race team . lightning motorcycle then converted a former yamaha r1 race bike to electric in 2006 . the bike featured over 60 horsepower , about 70 foot pounds of torque and a top speed of 100 mph .
earthwood is a brand of ernie ball acoustic bass guitars as well as acoustic six string guitars . ball collaborated with george fullerton , a former employee at fender , to develop the earthwood acoustic bass guitar , which was introduced in 1972 . it is notable for being the first modern acoustic bass guitar . the guitar model featured a bolt-on hard rock maple neck , similar to that on fender electric and acoustic guitars of the period . the design proved problematic , with too much stress for top .
life time , inc. is a chain of health clubs in the united states and canada .
linn energy , inc. is a petroleum , natural gas , and natural gas liquids exploration and production company incorporated in delaware and headquartered in houston .
neopost is a manufacturer of postage meter and mailroom equipment . neopost was founded in 1924 as a manufacturer of postage meters . neopost has acquired several leading software development companies in the fields of customer communications management , address and data quality , and multi-carrier shipping solutions . it is quoted on euronext paris and is a constituent of the cac mid 60 stock market index .
yodlee is an american software company that develops an account aggregation service that allows users to see their credit card , bank , investment , email , travel reward accounts , etc. on one screen . in addition , yodlee labs , a free web application that helps consumers with their finances online , provides features such as bill payment , expense tracking , and investment management .
the hollandsche ijzeren spoorweg-maatschappij -LSB- hlnts izr sprxmatsxpi -RSB- or hsm was the first railway company in the netherlands founded on 8 august 1837 as a private company , starting operation in 1839 with a line between amsterdam and haarlem . the company remained operational until 1938 , when it merged with the maatschappij tot exploitatie van staatsspoorwegen to form the nederlandse spoorwegen .
riverside publishing company is a leading publisher of clinical and educational standardized tests in the united states it is headquartered in rolling meadows , illinois . it is also a charter member of the association of test publishers . riverside publishing was established as a wholly owned subsidiary of houghton mifflin harcourt , a leading educational publisher in the united states , in 1979 , and continues to serve as the corporations research and testing division today .
kelleher international is a professional matchmaking service that caters to high-net-worth individuals and celebrities . it was founded in 1986 and is headquartered corte madera , california . amber kelleher-andrews is the companys chief executive officer . as of 2013 , the company had 13 offices throughout the united states , europe , and asia . it has worked with fortune 500 executives , hollywood celebrities , members of the british royal family , and professional athletes among others .
riskified is a privately held company that provides software as a service fraud and chargeback prevention technology . notable retailers using riskified include macys , footlocker , simplehuman and burberry .
textainer group holdings limited is a holding company that focuses on purchasing , leasing , and resale of marine cargo containers . the company was set up in 1979 and is based in hamilton , bermuda . there are three business segments : container ownership , container management , and container resale . as of january 22 , 2014 , the company was the lessor of about two million intermodal containers . the company leases containers to more than 400 shipping lines and other lessees .
hsbc holdings plc is a british multinational banking and financial services holding company , tracing its origin to a hong in hong kong . it is the worlds seventh largest bank by total assets and the largest in europe with total assets of us $ 2.374 trillion . it was established in its present form in london in 1991 by the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation to act as a new group holding company .
christies is a british auction house . it was founded in 1766 by james christie . its main premises are on king street , st jamess , in london , and in rockefeller center in new york city in the united states . the company is owned by groupe artmis , the holding company of franois-henri pinault . sales in 2015 totalled 4.8 billion . it has the credit of selling the salvator mundi for $ 450.3 million , the most expensive painting ever sold .
frigoglass is a manufacturer in commercial refrigeration and west africas leading glass producer . frigoglass has operations in nineteen countries across five continents including production hubs in romania , russia , greece , india , china , indonesia , south africa and nigeria , in addition to sales offices in poland , norway , ireland , united states , turkey , kenya , philippines , germany , france , malaysia and australia .
pao s. p. korolev rocket and space corporation energia , also known as rsc energia , is a russian manufacturer of ballistic missile , spacecraft and space station components . the company is the prime developer and contractor of the russian manned spaceflight program it also owns a majority of sea launch .
the early development of global education is an american organization which was founded in 2007 to raise environmental awareness , teach conservation , and combat global pollution through a green preschool certification process known as edge accreditation . edge preschools and affiliated organizations span across 9 countries in 4 continents . the edge accreditation process involves adoption of a green curriculum within the basic teachings of early preschool education .
dockwise group is a netherlands-based holding company in the marine transport industry .
grande communications is a united states telecommunications firm , based in san marcos , texas , that uses a fiber optic and cable network to offer broadband services . the company was established in 1999 when it was the recipient of the largest round of venture capital funding in texas . grande delivers internet access , local and long-distance telephone service and digital cable over its own network to nine different markets in texas .
olympia provisions is an american meat and restaurant company based out of portland , oregon . it produces artisan charcuterie and has two restaurants .
certegy was a public corporation created in 2001 when equifax spun off their payment services division . the corporation had two divisions of its own : check verification and credit cards . in september 2005 , a merger with fidelity information services , a subsidiary of fidelity national financial , was announced . the merger was completed in 2006 .
the aeromarine plane and motor company was an early american aircraft manufacturer founded by inglis m. upperu which operated from 1914 to 1930 . from 1928 to 1930 it was known as the aeromarine-klemm corporation .
christian real estate network is an association that was started in january 2002 by bart smith and justin smith . bart smith , a remax broker/owner since 1987 , began the service as an affiliate marketing experiment in the christian marketplace . the service is a referral network that connects buyers and sellers with christian real estate agents in the united states and canada .
sarah records was a uk independent record label active in bristol between 1987 and 1995 , best known for its recordings of indie pop , which it released mostly on 7 singles . on reaching the catalogue number sarah 100 the label celebrated its centenary by throwing a party and shutting itself down . in march 2015 , nme declared sarah to be the second greatest indie label of all time .
abc studios is the boutique production subsidiary of abc-tv set construction in sydney , new south wales australia . designated to sell to outside buyers for emerging and cable platforms with low cost and off-cycle programming . the division will develop year round .
fun technologies was an online game company based in toronto . founded in 2002 by canadian businessmen lorne abony and andrew rivkin , fun grew to become the worlds largest provider of online casual games and fantasy sports , with over 35 million registered customers . fun was publicly traded with a full listing on the london stock exchange in 2003 and toronto stock exchange in 2004 .
zanzibar electricity corporation is a state owned utility firm that provides transmission and distribution service of electricity in the zanzibar archipelago . the firm was incorporated in 2006 as the successor of the state fuel and power corporation and is wholly owned by the revolutionary government of zanzibar .
winradio is the name of a manufacturer of radio communication equipment as well as a brand name applied to computer-based radio receivers , software , antennas and accessories . winradio is based in melbourne , australia . the name winradio is in fact just a brand name , or trading name , of the company , whose real name is radixon group . this trading name was adopted as a result of market success of the companys first product , the winradio card .
innerprise software inc , was a north american video game developer and publisher located in maryland . the company was founded in 1989 and went out of business in 1992 . during the companys existence innerprise software managed to publish titles for the amiga home computer and sega genesis in north america and europe .
sports media , inc. is a sports media and marketing company that produces radio and television programming as well as representing professional athletes .
the clayburn pottery was an english pottery works based in milner st , hanley , stoke-on-trent .
chevrolet , colloquially referred to as chevy and formally the chevrolet division of general motors company , is an american automobile division of the american manufacturer general motors . louis chevrolet and ousted general motors founder william c. durant started the company on november 3 , 1911 as the chevrolet motor car company .
spencer gifts llc , doing business as spencers , is a north american mall retailer with over 600 stores in the united states , canada and puerto rico . their stores specialize in novelty and gag gifts , and also sell clothing , band merchandise , sex toys , room decor , collectible figures , fashion and body jewelry , and fantasy and horror items . the company also owns and operates a seasonal retailer , spirit halloween .
a temple is a structure reserved for religious or spiritual rituals and activities such as prayer and sacrifice . it is typically used for such buildings belonging to all faiths where a more specific term such as church , mosque or synagogue is not generally used in english . these include hinduism , buddhism , and jainism among religions with many modern followers , as well as other ancient religions such as ancient egyptian religion .
duesenberg motors company was an american manufacturer of race cars and luxury automobiles . it was founded by brothers august and frederick duesenberg in 1913 in saint paul , minnesota , where they built engines and race cars . the brothers moved their operations to elizabeth , new jersey in 1916 to manufacture engines for world war i.
the abidjan transport company is the public transit provider for abidjan , ivory coast and its suburbs . it is the first urban transport company organized in west africa . sotra is a company that manages transit through its bus and water bus fleet . this company was created on december 16 , 1960 , to manage all modes of surface transportation , which were previously provided by private interests .
blue marble geographics is a developer and provider of gis software products focused on data translation . they provide software products and services for working with gis data in different formats and for addressing the unique challenges associated with geospatial data . blue marbles focus is on highly accurate mapping as evidenced by their new product line and services offering including applied geodesy training , consulting and software development .
tdk-micronas is a developer and manufacturer of semiconductor-based sensor and ic system solutions for automotive and industrial electronics . tdk-micronas is headquartered in freiburg .
rasika productions is an indian marathi play production and distribution company based in mumbai as part of the marathi theatre industry . the company was founded by mukta barve in 2013 .
shout ! factory is an american home video and music company founded in 2003 . its video releases include previously released feature films , classic and contemporary television series , animation , live music , and comedy specials . shout ! factory also owns and operates shout ! studios , westchester films , timeless media group , biograph records , majordomo records , and video time machine .
hydropoint data systems is a california-based company that provides landscape irrigation efficiency as well as advanced monitoring and reporting to show effective savings and a projected roi , using sensor data analytics .
the rootes group or rootes motors limited was a british automobile manufacturer and , separately a major motor distributors and dealers business . run from londons west end they were respectively based in the midlands and south of england . in the decade beginning 1928 the rootes brothers , william and reginald , made prosperous by their very successful distribution and servicing business , were keen to enter manufacturing for closer control of the products they were selling .
lowes menswear , also currently known as lowes manhattan pty ltd is a private , family-owned leading australian menswear and retail chain established in 1898 by william lowe . there are now over 200 stores nationally because of expansion driven by hans muller who established lowes manhattan pty ltd in 1948 . lowes remains an entirely family-owned and australian company and is considered to be iconic in the country .
emaar india is a real estate developer principally engaged in promotion , construction , development and sale of integrated townships , residential and commercial multi storied buildings , houses , flats , shopping malls , hotels , and other developments . the company develops residential and commercial projects in different parts of india , including gurugram , delhi/ncr , mohali , lucknow , chennai and other indian cities . the companys registered name is emaar mgf land limited .
technopop , inc. was an american videogame developer , founded by randel b. reiss in 1990 . it was the first independent american developer for the sega genesis , and responsible for most of the early development tools to that system .
the guittard chocolate company is an american-based chocolate maker which produces couverture chocolate using original formulas and traditional french methods . the company is headquartered in burlingame , california . it is the oldest continuously family-owned chocolate company in the united states , family-owned for more than four generations .
the mall fund owns and operates shopping centres in england using the trading name the mall company . the shopping centres are usually branded and marketed as the mall . the mall fund owned up to 10 % of the covered retail space in the united kingdom , making it the largest portfolio of branded shopping centres in the united kingdom , before some of its sites were sold off . the fund is managed by a team of 62 from capital & regionals mall corporation .
c c land holdings limited is engaged in the manufacturing of packaging products and travel bags , and property development mainly in chongqing , china . the company was formerly known as qualipak international holdings limited . in 2006 , its business was transformed to be a property developer through the acquisition of chongqing zhongyu property development company limited . in 2007 , it changed its name to c c land holdings limited .
ameristar casinos , inc. was a casino operator based in paradise , nevada . it was acquired by pinnacle entertainment in 2013 . the company had eight properties in seven markets .
teleperformance is an offshore business process outsourcing and contact center company in the philippines . it is a subsidiary of the teleperformance group .
ukroboronprom is an association of multi-product enterprises in various sectors of the defense industry of ukraine . the concern includes enterprises which operate in the development , manufacture , sale , repair , modernization and disposal of weapons , military and special equipment and ammunition , and participating in military-technical cooperation with foreign states .
saaremaa shipping company is a company which served the main sea routes between estonias continent and two major islands , saaremaa and hiiumaa . since 1 october 2016 these routes have been operated by ts laevad .
kahr arms is an american small arms manufacturer founded by justin moon , son of sun myung moon , the founder of the unification church , who currently serves as ceo and president . it is currently under the kahr firearms group , a usa based firearms manufacturer , which includes kahr arms , thompson , auto-ordnance and magnum research . the company specializes in compact and mid-size semi-automatic pistols chambered for popular cartridges , including .380 acp , 9mm luger , .40 s & w and .45 acp .
kathmandu infosys ltd -RRB- is a private institution that serves nepalese students intending to study abroad . its primary services include academic and career counseling , and standardized and proficiency test preparation . it is headquartered in dillibazar road , kathmandu , in an area that has been referred to as the abroad education hub of the nation .
people pattern is a digital marketing company based in austin , texas . the companys text analytics software applications extract facts , relationships and sentiment from unstructured data , which comprise approximately 85 % of the information companies store electronically . corporations that use or have used people pattern software include mcdonalds , charles schwab , campbells soup , discover , wal-mart , nintendo , the university of texas , and cisco systems .
triquint semiconductor was a semiconductor company that designed , manufactured , and supplied high-performance rf modules , components and foundry services . the company was founded in 1985 in beaverton , oregon before moving to neighboring hillsboro , oregon . in february 2014 , greensboro , north carolina-based rf micro devices and triquint announced a merger in which the new company would be qorvo , inc. , with the merger completed on january 1 , 2015 .
panzhihua iron and steel company limited , or pangang , is the state-owned enterprise in panzhihua , sichuan , china . it is the largest steel maker in western china . it is also the largest vanadium product manufacturer in china , and the second largest in the world . it has three subsidiaries listed on the shenzhen stock exchange and they are panzhihua new steel and vanadium , changcheng special steel and chongqing titanium .
alarko holding is one of the largest business conglomerates in turkey it is listed on the istanbul stock exchange . it operates in a variety of sectors , including construction , electricity generation and distribution , tourism , and real estate . it was founded by shak alaton and zeyir garih in 1954 .
arriva poland sp . z o. o. is a polish private rail carrier providing services in the kuyavian-pomeranian , masovian , pomeranian and warmian-masurian voivodships . the company presently belongs to deutsche bahn .
ave line is a latvian shipping company that operates between lbeck-travemnde and riga .
portsmouth water is the utility company responsible for water supply and distribution in the city of portsmouth , part of east hampshire and part of west sussex . places served include gosport , fareham , portsmouth , havant , chichester and bognor regis . the company is a private limited company with company number 2536455 .
compaa de distribucin integral logista holdings , s.a. , or grupo logista , through its subsidiaries , operates as a distributor of products and services to proximity retailers in southern europe . the company distribution includes different product categories such as tobacco , convenience , pharmaceutical , books and periodicals , as well as e-transactions among others .
coop cooperative is one of switzerlands largest retail and wholesale companies . it is structured in the form of a cooperative society with around 2.5 million members . as of 2015 , coop operates 2,213 shops and employs more than 54,000 people in switzerland . according to bio suisse , the swiss organic producers association , coop accounts for half of all the organic food sold in switzerland .
northrop grumman ship systems was a former sector or division of northrop grumman corporation which was responsible for building small and medium shipping products . it was merged with another sector of northrop grumman , northrop grumman newport news , which was responsible for building nuclear submarines and supercarriers , to form the sector northrop grumman shipbuilding . ngss was headquartered in pascagoula , mississippi .
waste management , inc. is an american waste management , comprehensive waste , and environmental services company in north america . founded in 1971 , the company is headquartered in the first city tower in houston , texas . the companys network includes 367 collection operations , , 346 transfer stations 293 active landfill disposal sites , 146 recycling plants , 111 beneficial-use landfill gas projects and six independent power production plants .
tea fort inc. is an american tea company based in concord , massachusetts . the company was founded in 2003 by peter hewitt , an american product designer and graduate from the rhode island school of design . the company produces a highly stylized product line inspired by the japanese tea ceremony , intended to elevate a cup of tea into an extraordinary experience for all of your senses .
celestial tiger entertainment is a diversified media company based in hong kong that operates pay television entertainment channels in asia and oversees lions gate entertainment distribution rights in greater china and southeast asia .
club libby lu was an experiential/experience-based retailer for girls ages five through twelve . founded by mary drolet , a former executive at claires and montgomery ward , in august 2000 , the store chain operated 98 stores in 28 states in the united states before closing in early 2009 . club libby lu was an interactive childrens retail environment that encouraged celebrating being a girl . the popular chain was created by mary drolet . an experience at club libby always began with a wish .
openrent is an online letting agent and property service provider , founded in 2012 . it is a uk-based startup company focused on technological solutions to property rentals .
cater allen is a private bank operating in the united kingdom . it is a subsidiary of santander uk . tracing its history back to a bank founded in blackburn in 1816 , it was independent for 180 years , before being purchased in 1997 by abbey national . cater allen offshore was initially run as a separate enterprise within abbey , but in 2001 it was merged with abbey national offshore .
medcath corporation is an american public company which provides cardiac health care . the company was founded in 1988 as medcath partners , a for-profit corporation which offered cath lab , nuclear cardiology , and sleep medicine services . in 1994 , the company began opening and operating acute care cardiac hospitals . in the early months of 2005 , medcath significantly shifted its corporate strategy .
ilbank a. . , short for ller bankas anonim irketi , is a state-owned development and investment bank based in ankara , turkey . it is subordinated to the ministry of environment and urban planning . main areas of expertise of ilbank are banking and insurance , mapping , drinking water supplies and treatment , sewage collection and disposal , wastewater treatment , solid waste management , urban superstructures .
a twosome place , is a coffeehouse chain based in south korea and owned by the cj foodville of cj group . as of 2014 , the coffee chain had over 500 retail stores in south korea . the chain expanded its franchise to china in 2011 . on february 1 , 2018 , a twosome place was incorporated into cj foodville coffee business .
the royal dutch mint based in utrecht , the netherlands , is a company owned entirely by the dutch state , and since 1807 the only dutch entity allowed to strike and issue coins .
joytunes is a privately held company developing music learning solutions and apps . the company specializes in creating mobile apps for a fast and fun way to learn how to learn piano with interactive listening that can tell how well youre playing a piano or a midi keyboard . joytunes incorporates gamification dynamics along with traditional music methods to encourage music practice and improve sight reading and rhythm skills . one million songs are played each week on joytunes apps .
farpoint films is a television and film production company founded in 2000 by john barnard and kyle bornais and based out of winnipeg , manitoba , canada . they have produced more than 200 hours of national and international award winning television and film projects . recent productions include bachman , sorry for you loss , kid diners , menorca , escape or die ! , the illegal eater , and the medicine line .
hospital corporation of america is an american for-profit operator of health care facilities . it is based in nashville , tennessee and manages 177 hospitals and 119 free-standing surgery centers in the united states and united kingdom .
independent power corporation plc is an independent power producer based in london in the united kingdom . since it was founded in 1995 , ipc has developed and operated over 4,500 mw of thermal and hydroelectric power generation facilities in latin america , europe , southern africa and asia .
continucare corporation is a publicly traded medical care service company with 18 medical centers located in florida , united states . founded in 1996 in miami , florida , the company provides its service on an outpatient basis and offers medical management services for independent medical facilities as well as independent physician affiliates a group of physicians and healthcare professionals . as of december 2006 , the company has served about 40,000 patients .
sparebank 1 bv is a norwegian savings bank , headquartered in sandefjord , norway . the banks main market is buskerud and vestfold . the banks history can be traced back to 1883 with the establishment of sandsvr sparebank .
shadowland theatre is a community arts theatre and collective of visual and theatre artists on toronto island . it is a professional , not-for-profit theatre company and registered charity , incorporated in 1994 .
trillium brewing company is a brewery in massachusetts , united states . the brewery has two facilities located in fort point , boston and canton .
ddw , the color house is a global , privately held corporation providing caramel color , burnt sugar & natural colorings for the food and beverage industry . in 1865 , dutch immigrant douw ditmars williamson founded d.d. williamson in new york to manufacture burnt sugars for the brewing industry . the caramel industry moved into coloring cola and many other foods following prohibition and the great depression .
konica was a japanese manufacturer of , among other products , film , film cameras , camera accessories , photographic and photo-processing equipment , photocopiers , fax machines and laser printers . the company merged with japanese peer minolta in 2003 , with the new company named konica minolta .
altametrics , inc. is a privately owned product based company located in costa mesa , california . altametrics specializes in web-based enterprise solutions to the restaurant , retail and hospital industries in both the united states and internationally . the web-based software offers food cost and inventory control , labor cost and workforce management , supply chain and e-commerce , pos integration , business intelligence , and decision support solutions .
lifetime products inc. is the worlds leading manufacturer of blow-molded polyethylene folding chairs and tables , picnic tables , and home basketball equipment . lifetime also manufactures other consumer products , including sheds , kayaks and paddleboards , and lawn and garden items , along with oem steel and plastic items from other companies .
star energy was a british onshore oil exploration company until acquired by igas energy in december 2011 .
contus is a technology company which primarily provides mobile , web , and cloud based solutions . the company is headquartered at chennai , india . contus is a member of nasscom , and the confederation of indian industry .
great wolf resorts is a chain of indoor water parks . the company owns and operates its family resorts under the great wolf lodge brand . in addition to a water park , each resort features specialty restaurants , arcades , spas , fitness rooms , and childrens activity areas including yoga and bowling . great wolf resorts is headquartered in chicago , illinois .
ulma architectural solutions is a construction sector cooperative which manufactures polymer concrete prefabricates for facades , channels and drainage . it is one of the 8 cooperatives which make up ulma , one of the largest groups within the network of companies in mondragon corporation , the largest cooperative group in the world .
pollee is a mobile female urinal , designed and produced by the danish design bureau uiwe . it is specifically designed to be used at public events such as concerts of music festivals .
airtel , in bangladesh , is an independent product brand of robi axiata , since robi axiata limited is the licensee of airtel brand in bangladesh . in 2010 , warid telecom sold a majority 70 % stake in the company to indias bharti airtel limited for us $ 100,000 . bhartis proposal also included an initial $ 300-million investment in warid for creating new shares in the company . the bangladesh telecommunication regulatory commission approved the deal on jan 4 , 2010 .
passages malibu addiction treatment center , known as passages malibu , is a scam addiction treatment facility located in malibu , california and founded by pax and chris prentiss in 2001 .
halifax media group is a u.s. newspaper company owning more than 30 newspapers in five southeastern u.s. states . it was founded on march 31 , 2010 when a group of investors purchased the daytona beach news-journal from the davidson family , who had owned it for 82 years . on december 27 , 2011 , the new york times company announced it was selling its regional media group to halifax media group .
vocalkitchen is an independent agency for songwriters and vocalists . the company was founded in 2015 , and is run by songwriter , producer and vocalist allan eshuijs . vocalkitchen mainly focuses on delivering vocals and songs to djs and aims to further the careers of the next generation vocalists and songwriters .
wingas gmbh is a gas distribution company located in kassel , germany . it is a subsidiary of gazprom , which held its shares through w & g beteilligungs-gmbh & co. kg .
irfis finanziaria per lo sviluppo della sicilia s.p.a. also known as irfis finsicilia s.p.a. , is an italian development bank based in palermo , sicily . the bank is registered under article 106 and 107 of testo unico bancario . the bank provided subsidized loan and as an intermediates for companies to access government incentives .
guinness peat group was an investment holding company with interests in europe , australia and new zealand .
examinetics , inc. is the largest provider of mobile and on-site occupational health screening and data management services in the united states . the company was established in 2004 following the consolidation of a number of small businesses providing occupational health screening and compliance services with over thirty years experience .
lionhead studios ltd. was a british video game developer founded in july 1997 by peter molyneux , mark webley , tim rance , and steve jackson . the company is best known for the black & white and fable series . lionhead started as a breakaway from developer bullfrog productions , which was also founded by molyneux . lionheads first game was black & white , a god game with elements of artificial life and strategy games . black & white was published by electronic arts in 2001 .
crew cuts is a new york-based full service post-production company founded in 1986 by chuck willis , clayton hemmertt , and steve kraftsow , specializing in online and offline editing , visual effects , 3d and motion graphics , audio and sound design , finishing , and aspects of production , for the commercials , shorts , features , and web distribution . the original crew cuts was housed in one floor of a townhouse on east 47th street .
nel lines was established in 1972 , as a company of popular base with shareholders the residents of lesvos island and primary aim the purchase of a liner vessel for the mitilini-chios-piraeus route . since then , the company has expanded , serving most of the aegean sea destinations .
brady drum company was an australian manufacturing company who specialised in handcrafted drums since 1980 . the designs and workmanship was predominantly the duty of the companys creator , chris brady . the firm used native australian hardwoods , particularly jarrah , sheoak , spotted gum , marri , wandoo and lemon scented gum for the drums they manufactured . the business was based in armadale , an outer suburb of perth , western australia .
the plansee group , trading name : plansee holding ag , is an austrian company which has its head office in breitenwang . the group of companies focuses on manufacturing powder metallurgical materials which it also processes to produce tools and formed parts . the plansee group is a private company , now in its third generation of ownership , that is managed by dr. michael schwarzkopf .
olympic aviation was a subsidiary of olympic airways , the greek national flag carrier .
birdsboro steel was an american producer of steel , machines , and machine parts based in birdsboro , pennsylvania . the company also produced munitions , tanks , and artillery in the late 1940s through their subsidiary company , armorcast . though the company wasnt officially established until around 1867 , the roots of the company go as far back as 1740 .
zajearsko pivo is a type of beer which comes in two forms , light and low-pasteurized . it is produced in zajear brewery owned by the heineken srbija .
snap inc. is an american technology and social media company , founded on september 16 , 2011 , by evan spiegel and bobby murphy and based in venice , california . it has four products : snapchat , spectacles , bitmoji , and zenly . the company was originally named snapchat inc. upon its inception , but it was rebranded on september 24 , 2016 , as snap inc. in order to include the spectacles product under a single company .
the hohenzollerische landesbahn is the largest non-federally owned railway company in the german state of baden-wrttemberg after the albtal-verkehrs-gesellschaft and sdwestdeutsche verkehrs-aktiengesellschaft . it has operates passenger and freight traffic since 1900 . its field of activity now extends to large parts of southern baden-wrttemberg .
gale is a british-based loudspeaker , studio monitor , speaker stands and speaker wire manufacturer which distributes internationally . it started producing loudspeakers in 1972 . gale loudspeakers have won several hi-fi awards .
kold sweat records was a british independent record label specializing in hip hop music , based in askew road , london . the label was founded in 1990 by tony powell , who was the managing director , ceo at mca records between 1987 and 1992 . upon leaving mca powell created kold sweat which was considered as a small project specific to the rap music genre . he later employed angelo starr as recording engineer who was brother to late edwin starr .
suburban world newspapers , based in needham , massachusetts , united states , was a privately owned publisher of seven weekly newspapers in the suburbs west of boston in the 1980s and 1990s . the boston herald bought the company in 2001 and dissolved it into community newspaper company , the largest weeklies publisher in massachusetts . after the sale , suburban worlds two youngest newspapers were closed , while the others remain part of cnc , now owned by gatehouse media .
maskinfabriks-aktiebolaget scania , translates machine factory limited company scania , was a swedish bicycle manufacturer established in malm in 1900 . the company rapidly expanded to manufacture other products like precision gears , vacuum cleaners , automobiles , trucks and engines . the company was in 1911 merged with vabis , to form scania-vabis .
hewland is a british engineering company , founded in 1957 by mike hewland , which specialises in racing-car gearboxes . hewland currently employ 130 people at their maidenhead facility and have diversified into a variety of markets being particularly successful in electric vehicle transmission supply . hewland are currently supplying into formula 1 , formula e , dtm , lmp , rallycross , prototype and gt sportscar .
outerwall inc. was an american company with a network of movie and video game rental kiosks as well as coin-cashing machines . on 27 september 2016 , apollo global management , llc acquired outerwall , inc. for $ 52.00 per share in cash . after the acquisition , former components of outerwall , redbox , coinstar , and ecoatm became separate business entities .
shenzhen city commercial bank is a commercial bank based in shenzhen in the peoples republic of china .
ordnance factory medak , previously called ordnance factory project medak while in its development stage , is a company that manufactures armoured vehicles and is one of the 41 indian ordnance factories under ordnance factories board of the ministry of defence controlled by government of india . it is spread over an area of 3023 acres and has an employee strength of about 3000 personnel .
hales ales is a brewery in seattle , washington , usa , founded in 1983 .
stern is the name of two different but related arcade gaming companies . stern electronics , inc. manufactured arcade video games and pinball machines from 1977-1985 , and was known for 1980s berzerk . stern pinball , inc. , founded in 1999 , is a creator of pinball machines in north america .
meetic is an online dating service founded in november 2001 . it became publicly quoted in october 2005 . meetic was founded by marc simoncini .
mailchimp is a marketing automation platform and an email marketing service and a trading name of its operator , rocket science group , an american company founded in 2001 . mailchimp began as a paid service and added a freemium option in 2009 . within a year its user base had grown from 85,000 to 450,000 . by june 2014 , it was sending over 10 billion emails per month on behalf of its users .
myanma apex bank is a private commercial bank in burma . it was one of 4 private banks to commence operations in august 2010 , the first new financial institutions in the country since the establishment of innwa bank in 1997 . the bank is owned by chit khaing , a prominent burmese billionaire and owner of eden group , who is subject to european union , british and american economic sanctions .
kuwait finance house was established in the state of kuwait , in 1977 , as the first bank operating in accordance with the islamic sharia . kfh is listed in kuwait stock exchange , with a market capitalization of $ 8.2 billion as of may 2016 . assets total $ 55.52 billion and deposits amount to $ 34.97 billion .
captain cook cruises is a cruise and ferry operator on the swan river , perth .
geotab inc. is a privately held company that specializes in the area of global positioning system fleet management and vehicle tracking , otherwise known as the telematics industry . geotab develops , manufacturers , and supplies gps fleet management solutions for local and fortune 500 companies . these end-to-end solutions enable customers to monitor both driver safety and performance , as well as maintain their fleet maintenance budget even while the price of fuel increases .
nd cube co. , ltd. is a nintendo subsidiary and japanese video game developer based in japan with offices in tokyo and sapporo . nd cube is a fully owned nintendo subsidiary . the company was founded on march 1 , 2000 , as a joint venture between nintendo and advertising firm dentsu , hence the nd in the name . the subsidiary shares were purchased by 78 % in part by nintendo , 13.3 % by dentsu , 8.7 % by yet undecided shareholders .
udg healthcare plc , formerly united drug , is a dublin-based international company and partner to the healthcare industry , providing clinical , commercial , communication and packaging services . it is listed on the london stock exchange . it is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
indus capital partners is a hedge fund focused on asian markets . the company , founded in 2000 , is based in new york , and has offices in london , tokyo , hong kong , and san francisco . indus was founded by david kowitz and sheldon kasowitz , who had previously worked for george soros as fund managers . they use a long-short equity strategy in asian and european markets .
view engineering was one of the first manufacturers of commercial machine vision systems . these systems provided automated dimensional measurement , defect detection , alignment and quality control capabilities . they were used primarily in the semiconductor device fabrication , integrated circuit packaging , printed circuit board , computer data storage and precision assembly / fabrication industries .
dance fm uae is a dance radio station , from dubai , belonging to shock middle east , which broadcasts on 97.8 fm in uae , and online . it was officially launched in september 2016 as the first full dance music radio station in the uae.in july 2017 , dance fm uae was one of the official media partners for tomorrowland_dance fm later relaunched its website and launched three new internet streams : dance urban radio , .
for the british army base called marlborough lines see raf andovermarlborough lines limited is an electricity distribution company , based in blenheim , new zealand . marlborough lines is responsible for subtransmission and distribution of electricity to more than 24,000 customer network connections in the marlborough region over a service area of 11,330 km2 .
cyberlink corp. is a taiwanese multimedia software company headquartered in new taipei city , taiwan . its products include pc and mobile applications for playback of movies and media , editing of videos and photos , and disc burning and backup solutions . the company has regional offices in the united states , netherlands , and japan .
boxgroup is an investment fund company based in new york city . the company was founded in 2007 by david tisch , grandson of entrepreneur laurence a. tisch , and adam rothenberg . boxgroup invests in the pre-seed and seed rounds of financing for early stage companies . the venture capital fund invests in start-up technology business in many sectors including marketplaces , e-commerce , saas , and financial tech .
von duprin is a brand of security products . it was the producer of the first panic bar style door mechanism that allows a door to a public building to be locked from the outside but still easy to exit from the inside .
mondetta is a canadian casual and sportswear design and manufacturing company . the brand is best known for its world-flag themed apparel . based in winnipeg , manitoba , canada , mondetta has three main divisions : mondetta , mpg and private label .
trickster arts is an indie game development team based in the czech republic . it consists of former 2k czech employees .
sprinklr is a unified customer experience management platform for enterprises . it provides social media marketing , social advertising , content management , collaboration , advocacy and social media monitoring for large brands like nike , microsoft and mcdonalds .
uralmash is a heavy machine production facility of the russian engineering corporation omz . the facility is located in yekaterinburg , russia and is reported to employ around 16,500 people . the surrounding residential area where workers live is also called uralmash . uralmash is an abbreviation of , uralskiy mashinostroitelnyy zavod , literally urals machine-building plant .
lpm comunicao is a portuguese public relations and communication consultancy firm . it was founded in 1986 by lus paixo martins , who introduced the concept of communication consultancy in portugal . the firm has been leading the industry over the years .
patagonia , inc. is an american clothing company that sells outdoor clothing marketed as sustainable . the company was founded by yvon chouinard in 1973 , and is based in ventura , california . its logo is the skyline of cerro fitz roy in patagonia .
sixteen rivers press is a shared-work , nonprofit poetry collective that provides an alternative publishing avenue for san francisco bay area poets .
infor is a multi-national enterprise software company , headquartered in new york city , united states . it is the largest privately held technology provider in the world . infor focuses on business applications for organizations delivered via cloud computing as a service .
solution tree is a professional development company and publisher of educational material for k12 educators . founded in 1998 , the company provides services and products that include books , videos , conferences , workshops , consultation , and online courses . solution tree authors and consultants provide guidance to schools and districts on topics such as professional learning communities , response to intervention , educational assessment , and common core state standards .
british shipbuilders corporation was a public corporation that owned and managed the shipbuilding industry in great britain from 1977 through the 1980s . the british shipbuilders corporation headquarters was at benton house in newcastle upon tyne , england .
mid europa partners is an independent private equity player in central and eastern europe focused on central and eastern europe with approximately 2.2 billion of assets under management .
nine technology is an online backup software developer for windows personal computers and servers . the cloud-based products allow resellers to offer online backup and recovery services to their clients with near-continuous , scheduled , or manual updates . nine technology pioneered use of imation-branded rdx portable hard drives to implement cloud backup services without requiring an initial over-the-wire backup .
uk online was a consumer internet service provider that operated within the uk , and began as a dial-up provider in 1994 . network provider easynet acquired the company in 1996 , and were in turn acquired by bskyb in 2005 . the service was closed down in january 2011 . initially launching an adsl based broadband product in november 2004 with a 1mb service , they did not appear to be offering anything out of the ordinary .
telkom is a south african mobile telecommunications company . telkom mobile was launched in october 2010 and is owned by telkom . telkom phone numbers use the 0811 to 0819 dialling prefixes . telkom mobiles competition in south africa includes mtn , vodacom , cell c and virgin mobile .
industrias kaiser argentina s.a. or ika was an argentine motor car company established in 1956 in crdoba province as a joint venture with kaiser motors of the united states . the automaker produced a variety of kaiser jeep vehicles and american motors models , including argentinas most iconic car , the torino , before partnering with frances renault , which bought it out in 1970 .
rofin-sinar technologies inc. is a us company based in plymouth , michigan , that develops , manufactures and sells laser sources and laser-based solutions for industrial material processing . since 1996 , rofin-sinar technologies shares have traded on the nasdaq stock exchange .
mtr foods is a food products company based in bangalore , india . the company manufactures a range of packaged foods including breakfast mixes , ready to eat meals , masalas and spices , snacks and beverages . mtr foods pvt. ltd. is a subsidiary of norwegian conglomerate orkla .
enitharmon press is an independent british publishing house specialising in artists books , poetry , limited editions and original prints . at its gallery retail space in bloomsbury enitharmon publications , including some rare books and special editions , are sold . the name of the press comes from the poetry of william blake : enitharmon was a character who represented spiritual beauty and poetic inspiration . the presss logo derives from a blake woodcut .
sector3 studios is a swedish video game developer and publisher founded in 2003 that develops racing simulators for windows . the company has its headquarters in lidkping . the company originally started as a modding team for the image space incorporated game f1 2002 , releasing a mod based on the 2002 season of the fia gt championship , essentially the precursor to its first commercial game .
panopto is a software company that provides lecture recording , screencasting , video streaming , and video content management software , which is often used in e-learning environments . the company was founded as a spinout of carnegie mellon university in 2007 by two of its professorswilliam guttman and william scherlisin addition to current chief executive officer eric burns and serial entrepreneur brad winney .
dalian port company limited is port operator of port of dalian , dalian , liaoning , china . it provides container loading and discharging services , storage services for crude oil , refined oil and liquefied chemicals , container logistics services and the operation of container depots , warehouses , shipping agencies and cargo forwarders and a bonded logistics park . the company was established in 2005 .
the hogarth press was a british publishing house founded in 1917 by leonard woolf and virginia woolf . it was named after their house in richmond , in which they began hand-printing books . during the interwar period , the hogarth press grew from a hobby of the woolfs to a business when they began using commercial printers .
claxton engineering services ltd is an engineering and service company registered in the united kingdom and has its headquarters in great yarmouth , uk , with offices also in norway , singapore and the uae.claxton , an acteon company , leads the way in jack up engineering and services across the life of the asset from pre-drilling to drilling , production and decommissioning . all services are backed up by a world class in-house projects team and design-led engineering capability .
first gas limited is a natural gas transmission and distribution company in new zealand . first gass network has 2,204 km of high pressure pipelines and 4,800 km of gas distribution pipelines .
arrium was an australian mining and materials company . the company employed nearly 10,000 workers . in april 2016 the company went into voluntary administration with debts of more than $ 2 billion . in september 2017 it was acquired by british-owned gfg alliance .
delvaux is a belgian manufacturer of fine leather luxury goods founded in 1829 by charles delvaux . the company claims to be the oldest fine leather luxury goods house in the world .
niaje is a kenyan digital media website founded in 2006 by david mugo . it shares content in the entertainment , lifestyle and sports categories . niaje is among kenyas top blogs .
brioche dore is a french chain of bakery/caf restaurants founded in 1976 and originally started in brest . the company was founded by louis le duff , current president of groupe le duff . the chain has worldwide operations and is the second largest bakery/caf chain in the world . it serves over 200,000 customers every day and operates over 500 restaurants . the name means golden brioche in french .
winceyco is an entertainment group specializing in education in the state of new jersey , with an emphasis on musical assembly series for schools and churches . the company was founded by wincey terry , a professional vocalist who has worked with spike lee , bill cosby , tina turner , and garrison keilor . the group travels throughout the new jersey region , delivering about 100 performances annually .
hambros bank was a british bank based in london . the hambros bank was a specialist in anglo-scandinavian business with expertise in trade finance and investment banking , and was the sole banker to the scandinavian kingdoms for many years . the bank was sold in 1998 , and today survives only in the name of the private banking division of the french group socit gnrale .
aci is one of the largest bangladeshi conglomerates . the company operates through three reportable segments : pharmaceuticals , consumer brands and agribusiness . aci established as the subsidiary of imperial chemical industries in 1968 . it has been incorporated as ici bangladesh manufacturers limited on 24 january 1973 . the company was renamed as advanced chemical industries limited on 5 may 1992 .
n.t. r. arts is an indian film production company located at banjara hills , hyderabad established by actor nandamuri kalyan ram on the name of his late grandfather nandamuri taraka rama rao .
havelsan is a turkish software and systems company having business presence in the defence and it sectors . it is headquartered in ankara , turkey , with subsidiary companies and offices around turkey and abroad .
paperless post is an e-commerce company focusing on design-driven online and printed stationery , including greetings , invitations , birth announcements , wedding suites , and custom stationery . paperless post partners with leading fashion designers including kate spade new york , kelly wearstler , and oscar de la renta . the company is based in new york city .
tanzer industries limited was a canadian boat manufacturer based in dorion , quebec . the company specialized in the design and manufacture of fibreglass sailboats . the company was founded by johann tanzer in 1966 and went bankrupt in may 1986 . johann tanzer designed many of the boats his company sold . during the period the company was in business it became one of the largest sailboat manufacturers in canada . the most produced boat was the tanzer 22 with 2,271 built .
kainos group plc is a public limited software company headquartered in belfast , northern ireland that develops information technology solutions for businesses and organisations particularly in the public , healthcare and financial services sectors . the company also provides consulting and support services .
the sheridan was a brand of american automobile manufactured from 1920 to 1921 . manufacture of the car was based in muncie , indiana . the sheridan nameplate has the distinction of being the first automotive brand started from scratch by general motors . prior to the sheridan , general motors , under william .
skybox international inc. , formerly impel marketing , was an american trading card manufacturing company based in durham , north carolina started in 1989 and operated until 1995 .
ramoji group is a conglomerate headed by ramoji rao and headquartered in hyderabad . its businesses cover television and newspaper media , film production , financial services , retail , education and hospitality . in 1996 , one of its businesses , ramoji film city , was recognized by guinness world records as the largest film studio complex in the world .
airbnb is an american company which operates an online marketplace and hospitality service for people to lease or rent short-term lodging including holiday cottages , apartments , homestays , hostel beds , or hotel rooms , to participate in or facilitate experiences related to tourism such as walking tours , and to make reservations at restaurants . the company does not own any real estate or conduct tours it is a broker which receives percentage service fees in conjunction with every booking .
cyclone studios was an american video game developer and publisher based in san mateo , california . it developed several titles for the 3do interactive multiplayer and later microsoft windows .
solarpark korea co. , ltd. is a south korean crystalline silicon module manufacturer . founded in 2008 as a german-korean joint venture , the company combines german and korean machinery and engineering in its automated module fabrication lines . in june 2011 , solarpark korea became a 100 % subsidiary of the solarpark co. , ltd.
nene chicken is a south korean-based international fried chicken restaurant franchise . it has a nickname of kfc .
liberty skis corporation is one of the ski industrys largest independent ski manufacturers , and a leader in the manufacture of twin-tip skis , used primarily for a style of skiing known alternately as newschool skiing or freeskiing . founded in 2003 by james satloff and dan chalfant , liberty skis has grown to be one of the largest independent ski manufacturers worldwide , with shops and distributors in the us , canada , europe , and asia . liberty skis corporation is based in avon , colorado .
the pullman london st pancras is a four star upscale hotel operated by the pullman hotels and resorts chain , owned by accorhotels . it is located in camden , london , next to the british library , the nearest tube stations are kings cross-st pancras and euston . the pullman london st pancras owns and operate the adjacent shaw theatre .
mailjet is a paris-based , all-in-one email service provider that allows businesses to send both marketing and transaction email . founded in 2010 by julien tartarin and wilfried durand , the company now serves over 35,000 customers .
nival is a european video game developer headquartered in limassol , cyprus , with development offices in st. petersburg , russia , and moscow , russia . it was founded by russian games industry veteran sergey orlovskiy in 1996 , who currently serves as company ceo .
the nestor film company , originally known as the nestor motion picture company , is a defunct american motion picture production company . it was founded in 1909 as the west coast production unit of the centaur film company located in bayonne , new jersey . on october 27 , 1911 , nestor established the first permanent motion picture studio in hollywood , california , and produced the first hollywood films .
ceylinco consolidated is one of sri lankas oldest and largest business conglomerates .
cambodian public bank is a commercial bank in cambodia . the bank was established in 1992 and has 30 branches . the bank is owned by the malaysian public bank .
applied industrial technologies , inc. a public , american company focused on the manufacture and sale of industrial parts and fluid power components it also provides modification , repair and installation services for industrial rubber components , such as conveyor belts and hoses .
inner city press is a public interest organization founded by matthew lee , who serves as executive director . inner city press is best known for its investigations of the banking industrys treatment of low-income communities of color , at first within the united states and more recently around the world , for example with regard to hsbc , deutsche bank and others .
absolute taste , is a london-based catering company . lyndy redding is its managing director . it had 20m annual turnover in 2008 . it runs projects with gordon ramsay holdings , mclaren group , and fleets of private jets . it runs five cafs and restaurants and caters for private parties . absolute tastes most notable venue is the mclaren technology centre , where absolute tastes owner , ron dennis company is based .
a bog is a wetland that accumulates peat , a deposit of dead plant materialoften mosses , and in a majority of cases , sphagnum moss . it is one of the four main types of wetlands . other names for bogs include mire , quagmire , and muskeg alkaline mires are called fens . they are frequently covered in ericaceous shrubs rooted in the sphagnum moss and peat . the gradual accumulation of decayed plant material in a bog functions as a carbon sink .
national bank of abu dhabi is a bank operating in the united arab emirates . nbad is the largest lender bank in the emirate of abu dhabi and the second largest lender in the united arab emirates . nbad has the largest market capitalization among uae banks . nbads headquarters is 1 nbad tower in abu dhabi , uae . the bank will build a new headquarters in abu dhabis al maryah island , which will house the future abu dhabi financial district .
plama pleven is a former bulgarian oil refinery located near the city of pleven . the facility was opened in 1971 as a state owned company . in 1996 , plama pleven was privatized by the sofia-based company euroenergy , but it filed for bankruptcy two years later .
the pheasant aircraft company was an american aircraft manufacturer . in 1927 , flight school operator lee r. briggs had mobilized memphis , missouri community members to incorporate a company for aircraft production . the first aircraft was a three-seater designed by orville hickman . production peaked at one unit per week . on december 5 , 1927 biggs died in a training accident . aircraft racer steve wittman took over as chief test pilot .
sams warehouse was an australian brand of discount retail stores , similar to crazy clarks . it was founded in 2008 after the warehouse sold its australian operations to australian discount retail , and the stores were required to be re-branded .
blackberry limited is a canadian multinational company specializing in enterprise software and the internet of things . originally known as research in motion , it is best known to the general public as the former developer of the blackberry brand of smartphones , and tablets . it transitioned to an enterprise software and services company under ceo john s. chen .
sansiri is one of the largest real estate developers in thailand offering a full range of housing units .
the cotswolds distillery was established in 2014 , and was the first full-scale distillery to be located in the cotswolds area of outstanding natural beauty . situated in a 5-acre site in stourton , warwickshire , its focus is distilling single malt whisky . it is one of only six distilleries producing english whisky . the cotswolds distilling company was founded by daniel szor , a former hedge fund manager born in new york , who left a 30-year career in finance to pursue whisky making .
semafo inc. is a canadian-based mining company with gold production and exploration activities in west africa . the corporation currently owns and operates the mana mine in burkina faso , which includes the high-grade satellite siou and fofina deposits . in 2013 , production at the mana mine totalled 158,600 ounces of gold . in addition to corporate facilities in africa , semafo has headquarters in canada , in saint laurent , quebec .
essential energy is a state-owned electricity infrastructure company which owns , maintains and operates the electrical distribution networks for much of new south wales , covering 95 percent of the state geography . it also owns the reticulated water network in broken hill through essential water , formerly australian inland energy and water .
hm international , llc is a partnership representing the joint interests of the hojel and meinig families . the partnership was initiated in 1979 with the objective of acquiring undervalued assets and creating value through strong , decentralized management and long term investment focus . peter c. meinig was the companys chairman and chief executive officer .
fusion asset management llp is the asset management firm based in central london and moscow specialising in managing volatility risks and risk hedging . established in 2004 by kirill ilinski , a former jp morgan trader , fusion nowadays is a group of companies managing around 1 billion across a variety of volatility-related funds and advisory services .
doppler labs was a san francisco-based audio technology company . founded in 2013 in new york city , the companys mission was to make computing more immersive and human . the company designed and manufactured in-ear computing technology , including earplugs and wireless smart earbuds .
the historical aircraft corporation was an american aircraft manufacturer based in nucla , colorado . the company specialized in the design and manufacture of kit aircraft that were scale replicas of second world war and vintage aircraft . construction techniques used in the companys products included welded 4130 steel fuselage frames covered in either doped aircraft fabric or in a shell of polyurethane foam and fiberglass . the company is no longer in business .
credito emiliano s.p.a. is an italian bank based in reggio emilia , emilia-romagna . the company is a component of ftse italia mid cap index . according to a research by mediobanca , credito emiliano was ranked the 14th largest bank in italy by total assets as of 31 december 2015 , despite several banking group were omitted in the research .
zojoi , llc is a video game software development company based in charlottesville , virginia . it was founded by former icom simulations developers david marsh and karl roelofs in 2012 . zojoi currently has the rights to many of the intellectual properties that once belonged to icom simulations , including sherlock holmes : consulting detective and shadowgate .
challenge records was founded in los angeles in 1957 by cowboy singer gene autry and former columbia records a & r representative joe johnson . autrys involvement with the label was short lived as he sold his interest to the remaining partners in october 1958 . the labels first success came with instrumental group the champs , who had their biggest hit in 1958 with tequila . a latin-flavored rock and roll instrumental written by daniel flores and recorded by the champs .
lumiton was a film production company founded in argentina in 1932 at the start of the golden age of film in that country . its lowbrow , populist films appealed to local audiences and were highly successful in argentina and throughout latin america . it was the main competitor to argentina sono film in the 1940s . after world war ii lumiton faced increased government regulation , rising costs and loss of audiences to more sophisticated hollywood productions .
the charles schwab corporation is a bank and brokerage firm , based in san francisco , california . it was founded in 1971 by charles r. schwab and is one of the largest banks in the united states and is one of the largest brokerage firms in the united states . the company provides services for individuals and institutions that are investing online .
solon se was a german solar energy company with headquarters in berlin . solon se produced photovoltaic modules at its production sites in greifswald , steinach in tirol , carmignano di brenta , tucson and berlin .
convergent technologies was an american computer company formed by a small group of people who left intel corporation and xerox parc in 1979 . among the founders were ceo allen michels , vp engineering bob garrow , head of marketing kal hubler , and operating system architect ben wegbreit . the company was purchased by unisys in 1988 .
auto windscreens is a united kingdom automotive glazing company specialising in windscreen repair and replacement . it is owned by trifords ltd and is headquartered in chesterfield , derbyshire . working predominantly with insurers , brokers and fleet management customers , the company operates a nationwide fitting centre network that utilises a mobile fleet of trained technicians .
in the recession of the 1930s , platt brothers , howard and bullough , brooks and doxey , asa lees , dobson and barlow , joseph hibbert , john hetherington and tweedales and smalley merged to become textile machinery makers ltd. , but the individual units continued to trade under their own names until the 1970 , when they were rationalised into one company called platt uk ltd. in 1991 the company name changed to platt saco lowell . the globe works closed in 1993 .
fitzjohn was a bus manufacturer in muskegon , michigan . the company was founded october 8 , 1919 , by harry alphonse fitzjohn , and built over 5,000 bus bodies , complete buses , stretchout sedans and passenger-carrying trailers before closing down in may 1958 .
trex company , inc. known to global consumers and others simply as trex or trex decking , is the leading recycled materials manufacturer of wood-alternative decking , railings and other outdoor items . it has been a public company since 1999 and trades on the new york stock exchange under the ticker symbol trex . the company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in winchester , va , usa .
hic dragones is a small press independent publisher based in north manchester , uk . they publish short story anthologies , novels , and re-serialized penny dreadfuls . hic dragones have also held academic conferences on diverse topics such as cannibalism , monsters , true crime , alice in wonderland , and the wizard of oz .
the winston tire company was an american tire manufacturer and automotive service chain based in burbank , california. , and was founded by sam winston and ray oliver . the company was in business from 1962 to 2002 when it was acquired by the goodyear tire and rubber company .
unikey technologies is an alternative access control company based in the united states that designs and licenses keyless entry technology worldwide . its first product in partnership with kwikset is kvo , a bluetooth-enabled deadbolt door lock .
american microphone company was an american microphone manufacturer and dealer . they manufactured several microphone models , and marketed used and military communication mics . the company shut down in the mid 1980s .
king brewery is a brewery in nobleton , ontario , canada which has won a number of awards . it operates in a traditional german style , producing lagers . owner and brewmaster philip difonzo gained input from over 200 bars , pubs , taverns , and restaurants before launching in july 2002 with a single czech-style bohemian pilsner . king brewerys 20 hectolitre brewhouse with a steam-fired kettle continues to be one of very few authentic decoction brew houses in canada .
ims learning resources is an india-based training company preparing students for entrance examinations for competitive and professional courses . the company was founded in 1977 by prof. nagesh rane which has current presence of over 70 centres across 44 cities including mumbai , delhi , kolkata , jodhpur , jaipur , mysore etc. in india .
fictionwise , owned by barnes & noble since 2009 , was one of the largest electronic book sellers in north america with an estimated 1.5 million ebook content units sold in 2008 . fictionwise sold both drm-encrypted and unencrypted ebooks in various formats that were compatible with computers as well as a wide range of ebook devices , pdas , and smartphones .
mervyns was an american middle-scale department store chain based in hayward , california , and founded by mervin g. morris . it carried national brands of clothing , footwear , bedding , furniture , jewelry , beauty products , electronics , and housewares . many of the companys stores were created in shopping malls however some locations are operated independently . based on 2005 revenue , mervyns was the 83rd largest retailer in the united states . in 2006 , mervyns had 189 stores in 10 states .
benetton group s.r.l. is a global fashion brand based in ponzano veneto , italy . the name comes from the benetton family , who founded the company in 1965 . benetton has a network of about 5,000 stores in the main international markets .
martyrs bus service is a bus and coach operator in melbourne , australia . as a melbourne bus company , it operates one bus route under contract to the government of victoria and is a brand of the dineen group .
facility solutions group , also known as fsg , is a company headquartered in austin , texas , that provides lighting , electrical and energy management products and services to commercial businesses , property management companies and design build contractors in the united states and canada .
brunswick records is an american record label founded in 1916 .
allphones is an australian telecommunications retailer which specialises in offering a wide range of mobile and broadband related services across a range of carriers . allphones was started in 1989 with the first store in mile end , south australia . the company franchised a further 14 stores in south australia before it was sold in 2000 by brian and helen werner . allphones has stores in every state and territory with over 170 stores nationally .
major cineplex group public co. ltd. is the largest operator of movie theaters in thailand . combined with its subsidiary , egv entertainment , the company has 490 screens around thailand . among its properties is thailands largest multiplex , the paragon cineplex at siam paragon , with 16 screens and 5,000 seats , along with the imax theater . the second-largest chain in thailand is sf cinema city .
insomnia publications ltd was a british comic book publishing company .
out n about is a southern oregon company that operates treehouse bed and breakfasts and assists with the construction of treehouses . it is located about 10 miles southeast of cave junction , oregon , .
winters brothers is a privately-held waste disposal business in the northeast united states . its headquraters are in westbury , new york it currently serves the markets of new york and connecticut , but previously also served florida and vermont . it sells its recovered products world-wide . it is the largest waste management firm in long island , and one of the largest in connecticut . the firm has six recycling centers and twelve transfer stations .
universomo ltd. was a finnish video game developer based in tampere , finland . it was founded in 2002 , and acquired by thq on may 9 , 2007 . universomo also has offices in helsinki , finland and san diego , united states . universomo is focused on games for mobile phones , the iphone and the n-gage . on january 12 , 2010 thq announced a nintendo ds game beat city developed by universomo , marking the developers first entry to the handheld gaming market .
swap.com is an online consignment store offering pre-owned baby , kids , maternity , mens and womens apparel and accessories . the company operates out of the chicago suburb of bolingbrook , illinois. , and is the u.s. subsidiary of netcycler inc. , an international company based in helsinki , finland . sellers price their own items and swap.com handles the fulfillment and returns process for items sold .
hanson australia is a premixed concrete , aggregates and precast company . founded in 1949 as pioneer concrete and later rebranded pioneer international , it was taken over by hanson in 1999 .
moni is a mobile money transfer app for ios and android based out of london , england . it was launched to the general public by laurence aderemi and fernando saturno in 2015 . moni is authorised by the financial conduct authority , under the payment services regulations for the provision of payment services . moni technologies is also licensed and resulted by hmrc as a money services business license .
groupe artmis is a french holding company owned by franois-henri pinault , which owns the fine arts auction house christies , winery chteau latour , le point , stade rennais f.c. , and thtre marigny . it is also the controlling shareholder of the luxury-goods conglomerate kering , which includes the brands gucci , saint laurent , stella mccartney , bottega veneta and balenciaga .
gte federal credit union , doing business as gte financial , is an american credit union , headquartered in tampa , florida , and chartered and regulated under the authority of the national credit union administration . as of august 31 , 2012 , gte had 185,890 members . the organization was founded in 1935 as peninsular telephone employees credit union to serve the employees of peninsular telephone company .
cartoon network studios europe , is a british animation studio based in london that is owned by cartoon network europe , a subsidiary of turner broadcasting system europe . it was founded in early 2007 and is the european equivalent to cartoon network studios , based in burbank , california .
nepal doorsanchar company ltd. , popularly known as nepal telecom is state owned telecommunication service provider in nepal with 91.49 % of the government share . the company was a monopoly until 2003 , when the first private sector operator united telecom limited started providing basic telephony services . the central office of nepal telecom is located at bhadrakali plaza , kathmandu . it has branches , exchanges and other offices in 184 locations within the country .
playboy enterprises , inc. is an american privately held global media and lifestyle company headquartered in beverly hills , california . it was founded by the late hugh hefner to initially manage the playboy magazine empire .
belize telemedia limited , formerly belize telecommunications limited , is a telecommunications company in belize . established in 1972 as the telecommunications authority , it rapidly became belizes leading telecommunication provider in the 1980s and 1990s . in may 2007 , it changed its name from belize telecommunications limited to belize telemedia limited . the wireless division of btl is called digicell .
parque arauco is the third largest chilean shopping malls company , after cencosuds malls division and mall plaza the s.a.c.i. falabella shopping malls subsidiary . it is headquartered in santiago . the company manages shopping malls in chile , peru and colombia . it has 24 shopping malls with a total of gla 672,700 square meters .
japonica polonica fantastica , also known as jpf , is a polish manga publisher . it is located in mierzyn near szczecin , poland . the founder of jpf is shin yasuda .
ralston purina company was a st. louis , missouri-based american animal feed , food and pet food company . on december 12 , 2001 , it merged with swiss food-giant nestls friskies division to form nestl purina petcare company .
wilderness safaris is an ecotourism operator , headquartered in gaborone , botswana . it operates camps and mobile safaris across eight countries : botswana , kenya , namibia , south africa , rwanda , zambia , zimbabwe and seychelles . known for its ongoing conservation work , the company is helping to conserve at least 40 species that fall within the top three threatened categories of the iucn red list .
eurostop is an international retail technology company that provides point of sale and retail solutions to retailers in the uk and abroad . eurostops software solutions also include stock control and merchandising , fulfilment , business intelligence reporting , connected online channels and a tenant sales management system . the companys headquarters are in london , with other offices in singapore and china .
swiftype is a search and index company based in san francisco , ca , that provides search software for organizations , websites , and computer programs . in 2017 , swiftype was acquired by elasticsearch bv .
clayton homes is the united states largest builder of manufactured housing and modular homes . clayton homes is a component company of warren buffetts berkshire hathaway . claytons corporate headquarters are in maryville , tennessee . its subsidiaries include vanderbilt mortgage , 21st mortgage , the nations largest manufactured home lender , and insurance company homefirst agency .
the diamond t company was an american automobile and truck manufacturer .
clevo is an oem/odm computer manufacturer which exclusively produces laptop computers . they manufacture and sell complete laptops under their own brand they also sell barebones laptops chassis to value-added resellers who build customized laptops for individual customers .
canpotex , short for canadian potash exporters , is a canadian potash exporting and marketing firm , incorporated in 1970 and operating since 1972 . based in saskatchewan , canpotex manages the entire saskatchewan potash exporting industry , including transportation and delivery . it has been criticized as a cartel .
kdd group - is ukrainian real estate development company famous for its sky towers mixed-use development in kiev . once completed the building will become the highest structure in the country .
pacific aerospace ltd is an aircraft manufacturing company based in hamilton , new zealand . along with its predecessors , it has produced around 600 utility , training and agricultural aircraft .
miracle mart is a supermarket chain with locations in bismarck and minot , north dakota . the chain began with a single location in minot , north dakota , which had existed for some time before it was purchased by iowa businessman steve barlow in 1976 . the chain expanded in 1999 with the purchase of minots sunmart locations from the nash finch company . in 2002 , a barlow-owned econofoods location in bismarck was rebranded as a miracle mart , bringing the total number of locations to five .
the artists music guild was a dba company of the international academy of music arts and sciences , inc. , until april 2014 when it incorporated into a non-profit corporation . the company opened its doors on january 1 , 2010 . the corporation is an entertainment and artists relation firm . its primary goal is to mentor and protect artists from predatory industry practices .
marquette savings bank is a bank headquartered in erie , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 1908 by a consortium of 38 local businessman , under the name of marquette building and loan association . marketed as eries only hometown bank , marquette has maintained its local appeal , despite now having 12 branches in the region . marquette was honored by the global publication , the economist in the nov. 30th 2013 issue .
southwest energy ltd is an ethiopian oil and gas exploration and production company located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the company was established in 2005 by tewodros ashenafi . it is registered in hong kong . in december 2005 , southwest energy signed a production sharing agreement with the ministry of mines and energy of ethiopia for blocks 9 and 13 in the ogaden basin . in august 2008 it signed for block 9a , bringing the total acreage to 29,000 square kilometres .
nerve software , llc is an american video game developer that was co-founded by ex-id software employee brandon james . many of the original employees at nerve were previously employed by rogue entertainment , another u.s.-based software company .
seereal technologies gmbh is a dresden-based company focusing on the development of 3d display solutions . it is owned by its luxembourg parent company seereal technologies s.a. , which is responsible for marketing , partnering and ip licensing . the firm was founded in 2002 by dr. armin schwerdtner , who had previously headed an optics research group at the dresden university of technology .
horyaal or horyaal group is a somali architectural firm that specialises in decoration and renovation of interiors and exterior structures . the term horyaal refers to exemplarity . in 2017 it was nominated for somali business of the year by international somali awards . it is currently engaged in various projects including in awdal , puntland and djibouti and their portfolio includes the construction of petrol stations and hotels . horyaal also sponsors social events .
athabasca oil corporation is a canadian energy company with a focused strategy on the development of thermal and light oil assets . situated in albertas western canadian sedimentary basin , the company has amassed a significant land base of extensive , high quality resources . athabascas common shares trade on the tsx under the symbol ath .
ollies bargain outlet is an american chain of retail stores founded in 1982 by the late morton bernstein . the first store was opened in mechanicsburg , pennsylvania , just outside harrisburg . as of april 2018 , the chain now had 275 locations in 21 states . the president and ceo is mark butler .
screen media films is a united states and canada , independent distribution company founded in 2001 . in 2008 screen media films selected the creative coalition as its exclusive nonprofit partner in launching the spotlight initiative . the partnership permits the pursuit of active outreach efforts for issues showcased in screen media produced and distributed motion pictures .
the almirante nef naval hospital is the largest of the four hospitals in the health system of the chilean navy .
arbitration place is an internationally affiliated arbitration facility and legal centre located in the bay-adelaide centre , in toronto , canada .
the hamilton watch company is a brand of the swatch group , a swiss watch company based in bienne , switzerland . the hamilton watch company had its genesis as an american watch design and manufacturing company , which incorporated in 1892 and produced its first watch in 1893 . after its formation , the hamilton watch company went on to manufacture and market pocket watches and wristwatches , ending american manufacture in 1969 .
invercargill passenger transport ltd was a bus company which operated public transport routes in dunedin and invercargill as well as school transport services in those cities as well as queenstown and leisure and tourism transport services throughout the south island of new zealand .
myles is a self-drive car sharing company in india launched by carzonrent in november 2013 in delhi , india . and now in all main metro cities .
luxempart s.a. is a financial holding company based in leudelange , in south-western luxembourg , it is active primarily in belgium and its home market of luxembourg . it is listed on the luxembourg stock exchange , and is one of the ten companies that make up the exchanges main index , the luxx index .
leica geosystems based in eastern switzerland produces products and systems for surveying and geographical measurement . its products employ a variety of technologies including gps satellite navigation and laser rangefinders to enable users to model existing structures , terrains in computer based systems to high accuracies , often under 1 cm .
hmt limited , formerly hindustan machine tools limited , is a state-owned manufacturing company under the ministry of heavy industries and public enterprises in india .
chi-chis is a mexican-restaurant chain operating in belgium , luxembourg , the united arab emirates , and kuwait by tumbleweed , inc. the chain also once operated in the united states and canada but exited those countries in 2004 . currently chi-chis is also a brand of mexican-themed grocery foods with an emphasis on salsa . one lone restaurant was still open in utah until 2011 .
parkway pantai , ltd. is a medical company based in singapore and is southeast asias largest private healthcare provider , and one of the largest in asia . it is a wholly owned subsidiary of kuala lumpur-based ihh healthcare , whose largest shareholder is malaysian state investment agency khazanah nasional . parkway pantai operates private hospitals in singapore , brunei , china , hong kong , malaysia , india , vietnam and the united arab emirates .
pilkington group limited is a multinational glass-manufacturing company headquartered in st helens , united kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of the japan-based nsg group . prior to its acquisition by nsg in 2006 , it was an independent company listed on the london stock exchange and for a time was a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
microtask is a finnish technology company founded by ville miettinen , harri holopainen , otto chrons and panu wilska in 2009 to create a technology platform for crowdsourcing and distributed work . the company is headquartered in helsinki , and has offices in tampere and san francisco . microtask was selected as one of the finalists of the nordic tech tour 2010 .
ipm zmaj a.d. is a serbian company that produces small agricultural machines . the company emerged in october 1946 from the nationalized aircraft producer zmaj . it was privatized in 2006 . once known worldwide for its combine harvesters , in 2017 the company employed around 40 people and owned more than 200 hectares of land .
john wiley & sons , inc. , also referred to as wiley , is a global publishing company that specializes in academic publishing . the company produces books , journals , and encyclopedias , in print and electronically , as well as online products and services , training materials , and educational materials for undergraduate , graduate , and continuing education students . founded in 1807 , wiley is also known for publishing for dummies . as of 2015 , the company had a revenue of $ 1.8 billion .
iqms is a privately held , global software company based in paso robles , california . the company develops and markets manufacturing erp and real time manufacturing execution systems to the automotive , medical , packaging , consumer goods , aerospace , defense and other manufacturing industries . iqms has been included on inc. magazines list of the 5000 fastest growing privately held u.s. companies from 2011 through 2016 . gary nemmers became the ceo of iqms in 2015 .
cathedral also known as cathedral investment bank , is an investment banking and financial services group that provides services to a number of clients mostly associated with the catholic church and other religious entities . the groups consists of a number of different corporations registered in several offshore banking jurisdictions .
vickers aircraft company is a small aircraft manufacturer in hamilton , new zealand . vickers aircraft company is developing the vickers wave , a two-seat amphibious seaplane .
the prairie mountain publishing company is an american publishing company owned by digital first media . former half owner scripps left the partnership in 2009 . it acquired lehman communications in 2011 .
manitoba public insurance is a non-profit crown corporation based in manitoba that has provided basic public auto insurance since 1971 . mpi has 22 claim centres , two customer service centres in 13 locations across manitoba . dvl services are available through 147 agents in 123 communities , including 100 photo licensing agencies , and mobile testing units that service 69 communities .
dsk group is a business conglomerate headquartered in pune , india having its presence in domains including real estate , automobile , technology , sports , information technology , and education . the group was founded by deepak sakharam kulkarni , allies dsk , born and studied in pune , is the chairman and managing director of the group . he started selling candles while in school in appa balwant chowk in pune after his father died to support mother .
oculus story studio was an original animated virtual-reality film studio . it is a division of oculus vr the studio was started by oculus vr to pioneer animated virtual reality filmmaking and educate , inspire , and foster community for filmmakers interested in vr.story studio was founded in 2014 by pixar veterans saschka unseld and max planck , as well as producer edward saatchi . the studio was publicly announced and premiered its first film , lost , at the 2015 sundance film festival .
tigo energy is an american private corporation , headquartered in los gatos , california , united states . it provides products , technologies , software and services to installers , distributors , and original equipment manufacturers within the photovoltaic industry . it specializes in module-level power optimizers and smart module power electronics . tigo is a silicon valley company founded in 2007 by a team of experienced technologists .
marchfirst , stylized as marchfirst , inc. , was a short-lived international systems integrator and internet consulting company at the tail end of the dot-com bubble . marchfirst was a nasdaq traded public company whose peak stock price reached $ 52 . by the time the company filed for bankruptcy , it traded for pennies .
ashley furniture industries , inc. is an american home furnishings manufacturer and retailer , headquartered in arcadia , wisconsin . the company is owned by father and son team ron and todd wanek . ashley furniture manufactures and distributes home furniture products throughout the world .
st. george spirits is an artisanal distillery located in alameda , california that produces a range of alcoholic beverages under the direction of master distiller lance winters . they are known for producing vodka , absinthe , whiskey , rum , gin , brandy , liqueurs , and a range of exotic spirits .
centerspace software , llc . is a commercial software development company with headquarters in corvallis , oregon , usa , that produces numerical and statistical class libraries for the . net framework . centerspace also provides advanced software project consulting services . centerspace software produced the first commercial . net numerical class library in march , 2003 . centerspace components include : nmath - a $ 995 . net numerical analysis packagenmath stats - a . net .
lablynx , inc. is a privately owned , funded , and managed american corporation that develops , supports , and markets laboratory information management system solutions . its primary offerings over the years have included elab , weblims , and their successor , lablynx lims . the companys primary clients include laboratories in the agriculture , clinical , environmental , forensics , health care , and manufacturing industries , including government agencies .
b or b is the second letter of the iso basic latin alphabet . it represents the voiced bilabial stop in many languages , including english . in some other languages , it is used to represent other bilabial consonants .
the d gay , a highway-coach carrier , was a greyhound regional operating company , based in memphis , tennessee , usa , from 1930 until 1954 , when it became merged into the southeastern greyhound lines , a neighboring operating company .
kawasaki heavy industries ltd. . is a japanese public multinational corporation primarily known as a manufacturer of motorcycles , heavy equipment , aerospace and defense equipment , rolling stock and ships . it is also active in the production of industrial robots , gas turbines , boilers and other industrial products . the company is named after its founder shz kawasaki , and has dual headquarters in ch-ku , kobe and minato , tokyo .
ergogroup was a nordic information technology corporation , systems integrator and consulting company headquartered in oslo , norway . the company provided services for it operations , business solutions , outsourcing , infrastructure and consulting . ergogroup had a total of 90 offices and regional branches throughout norway , sweden and finland , and was a subsidiary of posten norge , the norwegian postal service . it was the second largest ict operations company in norway .
actel corporation was an american manufacturer of nonvolatile , low-power field-programmable gate arrays , mixed-signal fpgas , and programmable logic solutions . it was headquartered in mountain view , california , with offices worldwide . actel corporation has been acquired by microsemi .
tourneau , llc , is a luxury watch retailer established in 1900 and based in the united states . it is the largest luxury watch retailer in this country . the company sells mens , womens and certified pre-owned timepieces . tourneau was a leonard green & partners portfolio company from 2006 to 2018 , and it was purchased by the european retailer giant bucherer ag in 2018 .
daf trucks nv is a dutch truck manufacturing company and a division of paccar . its headquarters and main plant are in eindhoven . cabs and axle assemblies are produced at its westerlo plant in belgium . some of the truck models sold with the daf brand are designed and built by leyland trucks at their farington plant in leyland near preston , england .
meteor mobile communications limited was a gsm and umts mobile telecommunications company in ireland . they operated a gsm/gprs/edge / umts and lte cellular communications network under licence from the commission for communications regulation , and were the third entrant in the market , after vodafone ireland and three ireland . the company was a wholly owned subsidiary of irish telecoms network eir , having been purchased for 420m in 2005 .
fairtrade canada , formerly transfair canada , is a national non-profit certification and public education organization promoting fairtrade certified products in canada to improve the livelihood of developing world farmers and workers . it is the canadian member of flo international , which unites 24 fair trade producer and certification initiatives across europe , asia , latin america , north america , africa , australia and new zealand .
mayfair vermgensverwaltung se is the family office of the families of gnter herz and daniela herz . it invests in long term holdings of companies , short term assets like stocks and bonds , and real estate . the long term investment area is run by maryland gmbh . according to german press quotes , investments range from 100m to several billion per transaction and have an emphasis on companies from the consumer goods , retail or service sectors .
ofx , previously known as ozforex is an australian online foreign exchange and payments company with headquarters in sydney . the company provides money transfer services to travelex , moneygram , xero , ing direct , and macquarie international money transfers as well as individuals such as migrants and expatriates and small businesses . ozforex was started by matthew gilmour in 1998 while working as the head of foreign exchange at bankers trust .
goldmoney is a global full reserved gold-based financial services company founded by james turk , roy sebag , and josh crumb . the company operates under the holding , schiffgold , blockvault , men , goldmoney china , and lend & borrow trust subsidiaries which offer fully reserved precious metal and digital asset focused financial services encompassing savings , payments , wealth services , dealing , execution , custody , and research .
tempur sealy international , inc. is an american manufacturer of mattresses and bedding products . it was formed when tempur-pedic international , a manufacturer of memory foam mattresses acquired its biggest competitor sealy corporation in 2012 . it is based in lexington , kentucky .
cameron health was a medical device developer based in san clemente , california , usa . cameron health had its european office , cameron health bv , in arnhem , the netherlands . the privately held companys focus was on a new generation of minimally invasive implantable cardioverter-defibrillator which they called a subcutaneous implantable defibrillator . cameron healths approach avoided implanting transvenous leads into the heart , which had been the usual procedure for cardiac devices .
crrc ziyang co. , ltd. is a chinese locomotive manufacturer , one of the subsidiaries of crrc . the plant was located in ziyang , sichuan province .
cfcl australia is an australian locomotive and rolling stock leasing company operating in the rail freight market . cfcla leases assets to a number of private rail operators in the local rail industry , predominantly on the defined standard gauge interstate network . though primarily based in new south wales , cfclas assets can be found operating in most australian states and with all major train operating companies .
backbone entertainment is an american video game developer based in rancho santa margarita , california . created on february 19 , 2003 , it is the result of the merger of imaginengine and digital eclipse software , inc. effective on january 1 , 2004 .
plus development corporation was a majority-owned subsidiary of quantum corporation and invented the hardcard hard disk drive on a card which started a wave of companies producing similar products in the late 1980s .
petrogas limited is an irish company that operates a number of filling stations in ireland and the united kingdom . they also operate a small number of convenience store and food court sites without forecourts . petrogas ltd. is irelands largest irish independent forecourt retailer . currently the company operates 155 service stations in ireland , 69 in the uk and 6 in long island , new yorkin september 2010 the company opened and now operates irelands first 6 motorway service areas .
evrythng is an internet of things software company based in london , san francisco and new york city . the company manages digital identity data in an intelligent iot smart products cloud to connect consumer products to the web and drive real-time applications . niall murphy , andy hobsbawm , dominique guinard and vlad trifa founded the company in january 2011 . murphy is the companys founding ceo .
metro-goldwyn-mayer home entertainment llc is the home video arm of the american media company metro-goldwyn-mayer .
sundog powerchutes inc was a canadian aircraft manufacturer based in sparwood , british columbia and later in pierceland , saskatchewan . the company specialized in the design and manufacture of powered parachutes in the form of ready-to-fly aircraft for the canadian basic ultra-light aeroplane category and which also fit the european fdration aronautique internationale microlight category .
avtech -LRB- -RRB- -LSB- sheng tai ke ji gu fen you xian gong si -RSB- is a taiwanese company that produces video surveillance technology .
a herd is a social group of certain animals of the same species , either wild or domestic . the form of collective animal behavior associated with this is referred to as herding . the term herd is generally applied to mammals , and most particularly to the grazing ungulates that classically display this behaviour .
zee entertainment enterprises limited is an indian mass media company owned by essel group . headquartered in mumbai , it has interests in television , print , internet , film , mobile content and allied businesses .
milk mantra is an indian agricultural dairy products startup based in odisha , india . founded in august 2009 by former director at tetley srikumar misra and first operational in 2012 , it is indias first venture capital-backed agricultural startup . it was set up to solve the milk scarcity problem in the state . milk mantra produces and distributes milk and other milk-based products like buttermilk , cottage cheese , curd , and yogurt .
terrys was a british chocolate and confectionery maker based in york , england . it was founded in 1767 and in 1993 it was taken over by kraft foods . the companys headquarters , later renamed the chocolate works factory , was closed by kraft in 2005 products using the terrys brand name are now produced in kraft facilities in poland , sweden , belgium , and slovakia . the terrys name eventually became part of mondelz international .
brandfolder is a global software company headquartered in denver , colorado . brandfolder develops and markets digital asset management and brand management software . founded in 2012 , the company graduated from techstars in 2013 , and raised $ 2 million in funding in 2015 .
development counsellors international , also known as dci , is a place marketing firm based in new york city that specializes in economic development and travel marketing , as well as investment lead generation services . founded in 1960 by ted levine , the company now employs more than 60 people and has regional offices in denver , toronto and los angeles .
vimeo -LRB- -RRB- is a video-sharing website in which users can upload , share and view videos . it was the first video sharing site to support high-definition video . vimeo was founded in november 2004 by jake lodwick and zach klein . it focuses on short films and movies sold with vimeo on demand .
vivo energy investments bv , commonly referred to as vivo energy , is a downstream petroleum company with its headquarters in the kingdom of the netherlands . it maintains subsidiaries and operations in 16 countries across africa that encompass the supply , storage , distribution , and retail of a range of petroleum products . vivo energy is a royal dutch shell licensee and operates in retail of shell branded commercial fuels , liquefied petroleum gas and lubricants .
rock or rocks may refer to : rock , a naturally occurring solid aggregate of minerals or mineraloidsrock music , a form of popular music .
brodart company is an international products and services company that serves libraries . brodart is made up of three divisions : books & automation , contract library furniture , and supplies & furnishings .
the southern railway is a railway in austria that runs from vienna to graz and the border with slovenia at spielfeld via semmering and bruck an der mur . it was originally built by the austrian southern railway company and ran to ljubljana and trieste , the main seaport of the austro-hungarian monarchy a main obstacle in its construction was getting over the semmering pass over the northern limestone alps .
borile makes retro-modern bicycles and motorcycles in padova , italy , such as the b500cr , a modern day interpretation of how a bsa gold star would look if it were produced today . boriles technically advanced yet aesthetically vintage motorcycles are at the center of a marked retro wave during the first decade of the 21st century . early boriles were handmade , limited-production creations , but later models are mass-produced .
galpin auto sports is an american automobile dealership and automobile repair shop located in van nuys which specializes in customizing and remodeling vehicles specifically for their drivers . they also provide spare parts . the shop was founded in 1946 by frank galpin and later purchased by bert boeckmann . galpin auto sports is the car garage featured on mtvs pimp my ride hosted by xzibit . the show was moved from west coast customs to gas in the 5th and 6th season .
crowe horwath llp is one of the largest public accounting , consulting , and technology firms in the u.s. crowe is an independent member of crowe horwath international .
societ azionaria gestione aeroporto torino s.p.a. is the operator of turin airport . the controlling interests of the company was purchased by italian infrastructures investment fund i in january 2013 .
djarum is an indonesian kretek brand/manufacturer founded in april 21 , 1951 by oei wie gwan in kudus , central java .
yesmail interactive , an infogroup company , is an email marketing solutions provider headquartered in portland , oregon and has offices in san francisco , los angeles , new york , chicago , boston , atlanta , omaha , toronto , london and singapore .
orderup is an online and mobile food-ordering and delivery company which operates in at least 37 markets . as of july 2015 , orderup is a part of the groupon family of companies and operates as both orderup and groupon-to-go .
bouvet asa is a norwegian it consulting company , headquartered in oslo , norway . the company is the result of a merger between mandator as and cell network as in 2001 with cell network as the acquiring company . the company changed its name to bouvet in 2007 .
e-types is a brand agency based in copenhagen . it employs 50 designers , strategists and account managers . since 2006 e-types has been subject to academic research by scholars from copenhagen business school and harvard business school .
trestle theatre company is a professional theatre company specialising in mask and physical theatre . currently based in a renovated chapel in the city of st albans in the county of hertfordshire , england , the company creates its own masks , performances , workshops and training , sending the masks nationally and internationally .
the hubli sandbox in hubballi , india is an ecosystem launched by deshpande foundation that supports mission-driven individuals to come up with sustainable and scalable enterprises having social and economic impact . its a co-creation of dr. gururaj desh deshpande , indian american venture capitalist and entrepreneur and his wife jaishree deshpande .
london lun-dn -RRB- is the capital and most populous city of england and the united kingdom . standing on the river thames in the south east of the island of great britain , london has been a major settlement for two millennia . it was founded by the romans , who named it londinium . londons ancient core , the city of london , largely retains its 1.12-square-mile medieval boundaries .
exide industries is a storage battery producing company and a life insurance company in india . it manufactures automotive and industrial lead-acid batteries . it has plants in india and sri lanka.in jan 2013 , exide industries acquired 100 % of the equity capital of ing vysya life insurance . in may 2014 , the name of ing vysya life insurance company limited was changed to exide life insurance company limited .
wargaming west corporation , doing business as wargaming chicago-baltimore is an american game developer that operates in chicago , illinois and hunt valley , maryland . they worked in tandem with developer fasa interactive to create their first two games mechassault , which microsoft used to promote their xbox live service , and mechassault 2 : lone wolf .
cannabis science inc. is a biotech company based in irvine , california . the company was incorporated in 2009 and trades publicly under the ticker cbis on the over-the-counter bulletin board . their goal is to obtain food and drug administration approval for cannabis-based medicines , with a focus on treating skin cancer , posttraumatic stress disorder and hiv . they are also studying the use of cannabinoids to treat sleep disorders .
eye-fi is a company based in mountain view , california that produces sd memory cards and sdhc cards with wi-fi capabilities . using an eye-fi card inside a digital camera , one can wirelessly and automatically upload digital photos to a local computer or a mobile device such as a smartphone or tablet . eye-fi offers three models , varying in speed , storage capacity , and software services provided .
harvest partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments in middle market industrial , business services , consumer and retail companies . the firm , which was founded in 1981 by harvey mallement and harvey wertheim , is based in new york city .
ausgrid is an electricity infrastructure company , owned by the government of new south wales , australia , which owns , maintains and operates the electrical distribution networks to 1.6 million customers in sydney , central coast , hunter region and newcastle areas of new south wales .
savoy pictures entertainment , inc. was an american independent motion picture company in operation from 1992 to 1997 . among savoy pictures noteworthy feature films were a bronx tale , no escape , last of the dogmen and serial mom .
nic bank group , is a financial services organization in east africa . the groups headquarters are located in nairobi , kenya , with subsidiaries in kenya , tanzania , and uganda .
h2onews is a roman catholic multimedia production agency established in 2006 with headquarters located at rome , italy .
a. soriano corporation is a holding company in the philippines with diversified investments . it was incorporated on february 13 , 1930 by andrs soriano , sr.
asahi kasei corporation is a global japanese chemical company . its main products are chemicals and materials science . it was founded in may 1931 , using the paid in capital of nobeoka ammonia fiber co. , ltd , a nobeoka , miyazaki based producer of ammonia , nitric acid , and other chemicals . now headquartered in tokyo , with offices and plants across japan , as well as china , singapore , thailand , u.s.a. and germany .
ariat international is a premium performance footwear , apparel and accessories brand for equestrian sports and other outdoor activities , located in union city , california . ariat was founded by beth cross and pam parker in 1993 . they saw an opportunity to revolutionize footwear for english and western riders by developing riding boots with advanced athletic shoe technology and construction to improve performance , fit and comfort both in the saddle and on the ground .
duralex is a french tempered glass tableware and kitchenware manufacturer located in la chapelle-saint-mesmin in loiret . using a technique developed in the 1930s by saint-gobain , molded glass is heated to 600 degrees celsius , then cooled very quickly , giving it an impact resistance twice superior to normal glass . the picardie tumbler and the gigogne glass are two of the companys best-known products . the gigogne glass is in the permanent collection of the paris muse des arts dcoratifs , paris .
royal jordanian airlines is the flag carrier airline of jordan with its head office in amman , jordan , operating scheduled international services over four continents from its main base at queen alia international airport . royal jordanian is a member of the arab air carriers organization and the oneworld airline alliance .
vratim is an american electronic commerce brand that makes and retails specially designed drummer shoes , based in merritt island , florida . the brand also produces and sells apparel and other products such as t-shirts , flannels , and other accessories .
papaya studio is an independent american video game developer based in irvine , california . it was founded in 1999 . papaya studio released titles for the xbox 360 , wii u , wii , pc , playstation 3 , playstation 2 , playstation portable , nintendo 3ds and nintendo ds .
varity was a former farm equipment company , created in 1986 from the remains of massey-ferguson limited of toronto , ontario . varity also owned perkins engines headquartered in peterborough england and kelsey-hayes headquartered in romulus , michigan . in 1991 , the company officially moved to buffalo and ceased to be a canadian corporation .
xiaomi inc. chinese : -RRB- is a chinese electronics and software company headquartered in beijing . xiaomi designs , develops , and sells smartphones , mobile apps , laptops , and related consumer electronics . xiaomi released its first smartphone in august 2011 and has rapidly gained market share in china to become chinas largest smartphone company in 2014 . as of 2017 , xiaomi was the worlds 5th largest smartphone company .
jiangxi copper is the largest copper producer in mainland china . its operations include copper mining , milling , smelting and refining to produce copper-related products , including pyrite concentrates , sulfuric acid and electrolytic gold and silver . its chairman is mr. li yuhuang and its headquarters is at guixi , jiangxi , china .
s is the 19th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
svenska petroleum exploration ab is a privately held swedish oil and gas exploration and production company . svenska operates in five countries across offshore west africa and northern europe . the exploration activities are focused offshore west africa , the north sea as well as the baltic region . production comes from the ivory coast . in west africa focus is on early to mid life and high-growth black oil exploration assets and production assets .
sandvik is a global company founded in 1862 by gran fredrik gransson in sandviken , sweden . sandvik is a high-technology engineering group in tools and tooling systems for metal cutting , equipment , tools and services for the mining and construction industries , products in advanced stainless steel and special alloys as well as products for industrial heating . sandvik has about 43,000 employees and sales in more than 150 countries . invoiced sales is approximately sek 91 billion .
srt communications is the largest telecommunications cooperative in north dakota , serving over 50,000 people with internet , security alarm and video surveillance , tv and business phone systems and services . the company is governed by a twelve-member board of directors covering four districts . as a cooperative , patronage capital credits are awarded to member customers .
federated insurance company of canada is a direct writer of property and casualty insurance products headquartered in winnipeg , manitoba , canada . the company has approximately 370 employees in nine offices across canada , with approximately 150 in winnipeg . federated insurance has an a. m. best rating of a .
the madeira brewery is a brewery in madeira . the main brand is coral lager . the company is the biggest producer and drink distributor in the autonomous region of madeira . it produces alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages . until 2007 , ecm drinks had been awarded 117 monde selection awards . however , monde selection awards are non-competitive and only products that pay to enter are judged .
scores , also known as scores rotisserie bbq , is a chain of restaurants mainly in quebec but also in ontario . it was founded in montreal in 1995 . their specialties are roasted chicken and ribs . scores is a subsidiary of montreal-based company imvescor inc.
lightstream was an atm switching company based in the united states . the company was a joint venture between bolt beranek & newman inc. and ub networks . it was acquired by cisco systems on december 8 , 1994 for $ 120 million in cash .
maybelline llc , branded as maybelline new york , is a major american makeup brand sold worldwide and a subsidiary of french cosmetics company loral .
illumitex is an american lighting manufacturer largely specializing in the production and development of led lights for indoor farming and vertical farming . in addition to grow lights , illumitex also creates lights for the commercial & industrial space , as well as digital horticulture solutions . the company is based in austin , texas and has manufacturing facilities in austin , china , and malaysia .
sage business solutions provides end-to-end financial accounting software , enterprise resource planning software , customer relationship management software and business intelligence software solutions to large , mid-size and small business in australia , new zealand and the pacific islands . sage business software is delivered by business partners . sages partner community is the largest in australia and new zealand with over 120 partners .
g4s secure solutions is a united states / british-based security services company , and a subsidiary of g4s plc. it was founded as the wackenhut corporation in 1954 , in coral gables , florida , by george wackenhut and three partners . in 2002 , the company was acquired for $ 570 million by danish corporation group 4 falck .
signia is an argentine sportswear brand which manufactures footwear and clothing . the brand has experienced some restructuring plans in the past due to financial problems , even disappearing from the market for some periods of time . signia has also sponsored some primera divisin football teams in argentina , mostly at the beginning of the 2000s . since its relaunching in 2010 , signia has been the official uniform provider of the argentine olympic committee .
south australian railways was the statutory corporation through which the government of south australia built and operated railways in south australia from 1854 until march 1978 , when its non-urban railways were incorporated into australian national , and its adelaide urban lines were transferred to the state transport authority .
bunnings group , trading as bunnings warehouse , is an international household hardware chain . the chain has been owned by wesfarmers since 1994 , and has stores in australia , new zealand , the united kingdom and ireland . bunnings was founded in perth , western australia in 1887 , by two brothers who had emigrated from england . initially a limited company focused on sawmilling , it became a public company in 1952 and subsequently expanded into the retail sector , purchasing several hardware stores .
beamdog is a canadian video game developer , publisher , and distributor founded in 2009 by bioware co-founder trent oster and bioware lead programmer cameron tofer . beamdogs distribution service was launched in july 2010 .
dainese is an italian manufacturer of protective gear and clothing for sports , including motorcycling , mountain biking , winter sports and horseriding . the company was founded in 1972 by lino dainese , now a minority stakeholder in the company . since 2007 dainese has owned agv . investcorp acquired a majority shareholding in the dainese group in 2014 .
van de kamps holland dutch bakeries was a brand of breads and assorted pastry products , frozen fish entrees , and prepared dinners formerly owned by general baking established by one of the founders of both los angeles iconic tam oshanter inn and the lawrys restaurant chain and seasoned salt empire , it went bankrupt in 1990 .
the dovzhenko film studios is a former soviet film production studio in ukraine that was named after the ukrainian film producer , alexander dovzhenko , in 1957 . with the fall of the soviet union , the studio became a property of the government of ukraine . since 2000 the film studio was awarded national status .
the national holding company uzbekneftegaz is a state-owned holding company of uzbekistans oil and gas industry .
mattress firm inc. is an american retailing company and mattress store chain founded on july 4 , 1986 . the headquarters of the company is located in houston , texas .
the national bank for economic and social development is a federal public company associated with the ministry of development , industry , and trade of brazil . the stated goal is to provide long-term financing for endeavors that contribute to the countrys development .
gale is an educational publishing company based in farmington hills , michigan , in the western suburbs of detroit . since 2007 it has been a division of cengage learning . the company , formerly known as gale research and the gale group , is active in research and educational publishing for public , academic , and school libraries , and businesses .
aastra technologies limited , formerly headquartered in concord , ontario , canada , made products and systems for accessing communication networks , including the internet . its products included residential and business telephone terminals , screen telephones , enterprise private branch exchanges , network access terminals and high quality digital video encoders , decoders and gateways .
yes , formally incorporated as d.b.s. satellite services ltd -RRB- , is the sole direct broadcast satellite television provider in israel . it broadcasts multichannel tv and vod services via satellite amos-2 and amos-3 . in 2017 , yes served about 600,000 subscribers .
mlnlycke health care is a swedish medical device company headquartered in gothenburg and active internationally . the company manufactures and sells wound care and single-use surgical products and is a service provider to the healthcare sector . the surgical division includes medical devices such as drapes , gowns , facemasks , and headwear . the wound care division includes medical device wound healing solutions such as dressings , compression products and skin care products and emollients .
great canadian dollar store ltd. is a privately owned canadian franchise dollar store . the discount merchandiser was founded in 1993 by bud and vivian walker , with the set-up of a head office in victoria , british columbia and opening of the first bc store in kamloops . over 100 franchised stores are located across canada , including the yukon , british columbia , alberta , manitoba , ontario , nova scotia , new brunswick , prince edward island and newfoundland .
certusbank , n.a. is a full-service , nationally chartered bank , with a presence in twelve u.s. states . headquartered in greenville , south carolina , with secondary corporate offices in atlanta , georgia and charlotte , north carolina , the bank currently operates more than 30 retail branches in the carolinas , florida , and georgia and offers access to over 50,000 surcharge-free atms through the presto and allpoint networks .
lnp media group owns and publishes lnp , a daily newspaper in lancaster county , pennsylvania and lancasteronline , its online affiliate with monthly readership of over 1 million . first published in october 2014 , lnp traces its roots to one of the oldest newspapers in the u.s. , the lancaster journal that dates back to 1794 . lnp media group publishes two other local newspapers in lancaster county : the lititz record express and the ephrata review .
ameriprise financial , inc. is an american diversified financial services company . ameriprise financial engages in business through its subsidiaries , providing financial planning , products and services , including wealth management , asset management , insurance , annuities , and estate planning . ameriprise financial , inc. , the holding company , is incorporated in delaware . the companys headquarters are in minneapolis , minnesota . james cracchiolo is the chairman and chief executive officer .
seburo is a fictional small arms manufacturer commonly found in many of the works of manga artist masamune shirow .
docushare is a content management system developed by xerox corporation . docushare makes use of open standards and allows for managing content , integrating it with other business systems , and developing customized and packaged software applications .
carels frres , or carels brothers , was a manufacturer of stationary steam engines in ghent , belgium . for instance , in 1909 , they supplied a 1200 hp tandem compound engine with super heater to moston mill , a cotton mill in moston , north manchester . it was their works no 875 , with cylinders 30 and 53 in bore with a 3 ft 11 14 in stroke . developing 1,200 hp at 90 rpm , superheated steam 200 psi was supplied by tetlow boilers .
zenimax online studios llc is a subsidiary of zenimax media , specializing in the development of massively multiplayer online games . the company developed the elder scrolls online and its downloadable content . zenimax online studios had around 250 employees in 2012 . in addition to the main hunt valley , maryland based office , zenimax online also maintains a customer support center in galway , ireland as well as an additional office in austin , texas .
broadview press is an independent academic publisher that focuses on the humanities . founded in 1985 by don lepan , the company now employs over 25 people , has over 500 titles in print , and publishes approximately 50 titles each year . broadviews offices are located across canada in calgary , peterborough , nanaimo , guelph and wolfville .
unibuss , formerly known as nexus trafikk and sporveisbussene as , is a norwegian bus company group that operates from oslo , norway . it is a subsidiary of the municipal transportation group sporveien , and was created in 2003 so the company could compete for the public service obligation contracts that oslo was to operate the bus system through . unibuss has about 1600 employees , 650 buses and a revenue of nok 1278 million in 2010 .
the santa claus house is a christmas-themed retail store in north pole , alaska . it was founded as a trading post alongside the richardson highway in 1952 by con and nellie miller , shortly after north pole itself was founded by real estate developer everett dahl . the santa claus house served as north poles post office from its inception through the early 1970s . around that same time , the business was relocated coincidental with the relocation of the richardson highway through north pole .
6126 was a clothing line created by american actress lindsay lohan , in collaboration with kristi kaylor . the line was a leggings line , before being expanding to a full clothing collection . the name of the collection represents the june 1 , 1926 , birth date of marilyn monroe , whom lohan has said she admires and has been influenced by .
the chittagong stock exchange is a stock exchange based in the port city of chittagong , bangladesh . it is one of the twin financial hubs of the country , alongside the dhaka stock exchange . established in 1991 , the exchange is located in the agrabad business district in downtown chittagong . it has a combined market capitalization of us $ 30 billion as of 2013 .
ronimo games is a dutch video game developer founded in 2007 by former students of the utrecht school of the arts .
art recovery international is a private company that provides due diligence , dispute resolution and art recovery services to the international art market and cultural heritage institutions . it is headquartered in venice , italy . . the company was founded in 2013 initially specialising in the recovery of stolen and claimed works of art . in 2015 the company launched the artclaim database as a new art market due diligence resource .
cnhi is an american publisher of newspapers and advertising-related publications throughout the united states . the company was formed in 1997 by ralph martin , and is based in montgomery , alabama . the company is financed by the retirement systems of alabama and currently operates as a subsidiary of raycom media .
legalzoom.com , inc. is an online legal technology company that provides legal solutions for families and small business . through the platform , customers can access legal help for products including wills and living trusts , business formation documents , copyright registrations and trademark applications . the company also offers legal help through a network of independent attorneys and registered agent services .
km plus media is a factual entertainment company . it produces and distributes in genres including wildlife , lifestyle , travel , children programmes and light entertainment . it predominantely works in hd for all broadcast platforms worldwide .
ralph firman racing is a british racecar constructor . the company was founded in 2008 by ralph firman , sr.
verzo is a czech company , which was established in 2010 and is engaged in the manufacture of mobile phones , respectively . smartphones . their first model version kinzo was in design introduced in the second half of august 2011 . unusual appearance of the mobile phone is the work of czech design studio novaque belonging to mga . petr novk . technical parameters were introduced in october 2011 . the subsequent sale was launched in the same term throughout europe and the usa .
strunal schnbach s.r.o. is a string instrument manufacturer based in luby , czech republic . strunal , in its current corporate structure that was established in 1992 , is an outgrowth of cremona , a joint-stock company founded in schnbach in czechoslovakia in 1922 . in 1946 , after world war ii , the cremona cooperative was founded in luby .
holmen is a swedish company which bases its business in the forest industry and the pulp and paper industry . holmens main products are paperboard for consumer packaging and graphical applications . printing paper for magazines , supplements , direct mail , directories , books and newspapers . they also produce sawn timber for flooring , window components , furniture or construction . the current ceo is henrik sjlund .
pacific theatres is an american chain of movie theaters in the los angeles metropolitan area of california . pacific theatres is owned by the decurion corporation which also owns arclight cinemas . in 2008 it sold locations in san diego to reading cinemas .
swain destinations is a customized and experiential travel company , founded in 1987 .
swisslion group is a multinational food and drinks manufacturer in southeastern europe that is headquartered in novi sad , serbia . its products are produced in its factories located in croatia , macedonia , serbia and bosnia and herzegovina . swisslion group core activities are the production of confectionery .
the genting group is a company headquartered in the wisma genting in kuala lumpur , malaysia . it comprises the holding company genting berhad , its listed subsidiaries genting malaysia berhad , genting plantations berhad , genting singapore plc , as well as its wholly owned subsidiary genting energy limited .
first choice haircutters is a hairdressing company . the company originated with a single salon in london , ontario , in 1980 and began franchising about 2 years later . first choice haircutters was purchased by regis corporation in october 2000 . currently it has over 400 locations throughout canada and the united states . it is a franchise company , and experienced system-wide sales of nearly $ 3 billion in 2007 .
trans world airlines was a major american airline from 1924 until 2001 . it was formed as transcontinental & western air to operate a route from new york city to los angeles via st. louis , kansas city , and other stops , with ford trimotors .
brico dpt is a french chain of diy and home improvement stores , headquartered in longpont-sur-orge . the chain was created in 1993 by castorama dubois investment , castorama dubois was later purchased by the uk kingfisher group .
euroapotheca is the international group of companies in the baltics and cee region managing pharmacy retail chains and wholesale companies in lithuania , latvia , estonia , poland and ukraine . euroapotheca currently owns 643 pharmacies in six countries , employs 3.8 thousand employees .
s. oliver , legally s. oliver bernd freier gmbh & co. kg , is a german fashion company headquartered in rottendorf that sells apparel , shoes , accessories , jewellery , fragrances and eyewear worldwide .
csg limited is a publicly listed australian owned business technology company . the company has been in business since 1988 . over the years the company has grown but in 2012 it has been restructuring its business by selling off divisions and now solely focused on managed print business and print solutions .
brel is a town in the ludwigslust-parchim district , in mecklenburg-western pomerania , germany . it is situated 24 km northeast of schwerin .
innerloop studios was a norwegian video game developer operating from 1996 to 2003 . the company was founded as innerloop technologies in may 1996 by a group of ex-employees of the oslo-based video game company funcom . after entering into a partnership with the video game developer and publisher eidos interactive , innerloop merged with dimaga studios in 1997 and changed its name to innerloop studios to reflect the merger .
sitrion is a multinational software company headquartered in denver , colorado . sitrion develops and markets mobility and collaboration software . it was founded in 2004 under the name newsgator . it was initially a consumer company focused on rss aggregation , before shifting its focus to the enterprise market . the company raised $ 12 million in funding in 2007 and acquired tomoye in 2010 . in 2013 newsgator acquired sitrion , and in 2014 chose to keep the same name .
ultra software corporation was a shell corporation and publishing label created in 1988 as a subsidiary of konami of america , in an effort to get around nintendo of americas strict licensing rules in place at the time for the north american konami releases of games for nintendo consoles . one of these rules was that a third-party company could only publish up to five games per year for the nintendo entertainment system in the us .
hotel rl by red lion is an upscale hotel brand owned by red lion hotels corporation that was created in 2014 .
daytrip is a startup transportation network company enabling international travelers to connect with local drivers via their website . the company does not own its own fleet , but works with local drivers from different countries . daytrip enables travelers to prepare an itinerary using daytrips comprehensive database of points of interest between two cities .
western electric company was an american electrical engineering and manufacturing company that served as the primary supplier to at & t from 1881 to 1996 . the company was responsible for many technological innovations and seminal developments in industrial management . it also served as the purchasing agent for the member companies of the bell system .
national steel and shipbuilding company , commonly referred to as nassco , is an american shipbuilding company with three shipyards located in san diego , norfolk , and mayport . it is a division of general dynamics . the san diego shipyard specializes in constructing commercial cargo ships and auxiliary vessels for the us navy and military sealift command it is the only new-construction shipyard on the west coast of the united states .
the pakistan automotive manufacturers association is a trade group of automobile manufacturers that operate in the pakistan . it is the leading advocacy group for the pakistan auto industry . licensed by the ministry of commerce under the trade organizations ordinance 2007 , pama is committed to developing constructive solutions to public policy challenges that promote sustainable mobility and benefit society in the areas of environment , energy and motor vehicle safety .
automatic data processing , inc. , commonly known as adp , is an american provider of human resources management software and services . as of 2010 , adp was one of four american companies to have a aaa credit rating from standard & poors and moodys . both s & p and moodys downgraded adp to aa in april 2014 , after the dealer services unit was spun off .
wok to walk is a fast food takeaway restaurant chain from the netherlands specialized in wok stir-fried asian cuisine . their food is served in oyster pails .
cowi a/s is an international consulting group , specialising in engineering , environmental science and economics , based in lyngby , denmark . it has been involved in more than 50,000 projects in 175 countries and has approximately 6,400 employees , including engineers , biologists , geologists , economists , surveyors , anthropologists , sociologists and architects .
petrleo brasileiro s.a. petrobras , more commonly known as simply petrobras , is a semi-public brazilian multinational corporation in the petroleum industry headquartered in rio de janeiro , brazil . the companys name translates to brazilian petroleum corporation petrobras . the company was ranked # 58 in the most recent fortune global 500 list .
fibria celulose is a brazilian pulp and paper company , created by a merger between aracruz celulose and votorantim celulose e papel , born positioned as a global leader in pulp , with production capacity exceeding six million tons of pulp and paper produced in seven factories distributed in five brazilian states . much of this production is exported .
launchcode is a non-profit organization based in st. louis , missouri , that works with hundreds of companies to set up paid apprenticeships in technology for talented people who lack the traditional credentials to land a good job . co-founded in 2013 by square , inc. co-founder jim mckelvey , dan lohman , zach lou , brendan lind , and others . launchcode was named by the st. louis riverfront times as 2014s the best thing to happen to st. louis .
mackmyra whisky is a swedish single malt whisky distillery . it is named after the village and manor of mackmyra , where the first distillery was established , in the residential district of valbo , south-west of gvle . the toponym is commonly suggested as deriving from owlet moths and mire . however , owlet moths have all but disappeared from present-day mackmyra , due to the gradual rebound of landa result of the melting of ice sheets 10,000 years ago .
bank day is a non-state owned bank , established in 2011 , which conducts its operations within the guidelines and instructions of the central bank of the islamic republic of iran . bank day shares have been floated on the over-the-counter market and measures are being taken in order to become listed in the tehran stock exchange . despite its relatively short life , bank day is also successfully penetrating the increasingly competitive iranian financial market .
isotx was a dutch independent video game developer founded by vincent van geel and byron rupp in 2005 . in 2014 vincent van geel left the company . the company continued on , yet dissolved december 2015 . their first release was the mideast crisis mod for c & c generals . this was followed by iron grip : the oppression , a mod for half-life 2 . since iron grip : the oppression , nearly all isotx games have been set in the iron grip universe a dieselpunk alternative reality setting .
titan magazines is the magazine-publishing division of nick landaus titan publishing group . titan also owns several forbidden planet specialist comics and collector stores . titan magazines publishing director is chris teather . tpg also owns titan books , the biggest uk graphic novel publishing house , which also publishes many film and tv-related titles .
telecable is a cable company that operates in asturias offering triple play services as well as mobile phone services as an mvno since 2007 . the company started out as telecable de oviedo , telecable de gijn and telecable de avils in 1995 . in december 1998 it is given a license to work in all asturias . from 2011 , it started deploying a fiber network infrastructure in another spanish region , extremadura .
djo global , inc. is a medical device company that produces a variety of orthopedic products for rehabilitation , pain management and physical therapy .
airroad is a major national logistics company headquartered in sydney , australia , with operations in major capital and regional cities and towns around australia . airroad was the first australian transport carrier to introduce barcode scanning at an item level to track clients freight in 1990 .
spiral universe provides a software platform for student information , learning management , and distance learning applications . the company is based in white plains , new york . the flagship product is called spiral , a rich internet application available under the software as a service model . features include course management , gradebook , attendance tracking , student records , reporting , report cards and transcripts , student portal , parents portal , and scheduling .
international surrey company ltd. , also called the surrey company , is a quadracycle manufacturer based in la marque , texas , united states . the company began production in the mid-1980s and specializes in providing products for the quadracycle rental market .
albright stonebridge group is a global business strategy firm . the firm advises multinationals , financial institutions , industry associations , and non-profit organizations on a variety of matters including international government relations , market entry and risk assessment , regulatory affairs , stakeholder engagement , partner development , and shared value programs .
vd-dev is a french video game development studio founded in 1990 . the studio worked on several game boy and game boy advance games for infogames and atari .
yamaha motor pakistan is a wholly owned pakistani subsidiary of yamaha motor company .
tomales bay oyster company is an oyster farm in marshall , california in the united states . it is located on california state route 1 and is the oldest continuously run oyster farm in california .
nautilus , inc. , located in vancouver , washington , united states , is the american worldwide marketer , developer , and manufacturer of home fitness equipment brands bowflex , nautilus , schwinn fitness , and universal . the products are sold to customers through a combination of television commercials/infomercials , the internet , call centers and retail stores .
sezmi was a cloud based video delivery platform for television providers to deliver services over several ip devices like tablet and mobile computing devices . previously , sezmi was a subscription video service in 36 metropolitan areas of the united states . it provided a dvr which recorded free over-the-air broadcasts plus brought in video from internet sources . the system used a smart antenna to improve reception in fringe areas .
cpx interactive is a digital media holding company based in new york . in 2014 it was listed on forbes list of americas most promising companies . the company maintains additional offices in new orleans , chicago , and santa monica . it consists of three companies that include consumed media , hatched.at , and adready .
belen echandia is a handbag and fashion accessory design and manufacturing company . it was incorporated in 2005 and is based in london , england . belen echandia produces leather handbags , travel bags , wallets , clutch purses , and accessories for women .
polskie radio spka akcyjna is polands state-owned national publicly funded radio broadcasting organization .
shanghai industrial company , also known as sieg , is a chinese manufacturer of metalworking and woodworking machine tools . their machines are commonly rebranded and sold by retailers around the world . they make two lines which correspond to the colors the machines are painted . the red and black series are smaller machines aimed at the home shop market , while the white and blue series is intended for light industry .
sei investments company , formerly simulated environments inc , is a financial services company headquartered in oaks , pennsylvania , united states . the company describes itself as a global provider of investment processing , investment management , and investment operations solutions . sei provides products and services to institutions , private banks , investment advisors , investment managers , and private clients .
merkel jagd - und sportwaffen gmbh is a manufacturer of hunting weapons in suhl , thuringia . it manufactures bolt-action rifles , double rifles , drillings , and shotguns . merkel has been a subsidiary of the uae company caracal international , based in abu dhabi , since 2007 .
ugur group companies is a turkish group of manufacturing companies . the company was founded when ugur cooling started ice cream machine production in nazilli in 1954 . today , the company produces a range of equipment including deep freezers to bottled water coolers , motorcycles , scooters and cosmetics , with the company operating europes second biggest refrigeration plant in nazilli . the company operates in 142 countries under six brands .
the colonial motor company limited is a ford and mazda motor vehicle dealer with outlets throughout new zealand . from 1911 to 1936 it was ford canadas importer and distributor for new zealand and assembled ford cars from knocked down packs . it is also a kenworth truck dealer . colonial motor company was notable for its pioneering nine-storey assembly plant which built new zealands ford cars from 1922 to 1936 .
archway cookies is an american cookie manufacturer , founded in 1936 in battle creek , michigan . since december 2008 , it has been a subsidiary of lance inc. , a snack-food company , who in turn merged with snyders of hanover to form snyders-lance . archway is best known for its variations of oatmeal cookies .
headquartered in little rock , arkansas , stephens inc. is a privately held , independent financial services firm . as one of the largest privately owned investment banks in the country , stephens has 28 offices worldwide and employs more than 1200 people . warren a. stephens is chairman , president and chief executive officer at stephens inc.
a bass is a type of classical male singing voice and has the lowest vocal range of all voice types . according to the new grove dictionary of opera , a bass is typically classified as having a vocal range extending from around the second e below middle c to the e above middle c . its tessitura , or comfortable range , is normally defined by the outermost lines of the bass clef . categories of bass voices vary according to national style and classification system .
okeh records is an american record label founded by the otto heinemann phonograph corporation , a phonograph supplier established in 1916 , which branched out into phonograph records in 1918 . the name was originally spelled okeh , formed from the initials of otto k. e. heinemann , but later changed to okeh . since 1926 , okeh has been a subsidiary of columbia records , now itself a subsidiary of sony music . today , okeh is an imprint of sony masterworks , a specialty label of columbia .
mechtronix inc. was a canadian company specializing in the manufacture of flight simulation training devices for commercial , general and business aviation . the company was founded in 1987 and based out of montreal in canadas aviation hub with a customer base in the americas , europe , the middle-east and asia . mechtronix products range from full flight simulators to flight training devices .
planetout inc. was a public media and entertainment company founded by tom rielly in 1995 , exclusively targeting the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender demographic . it operated several lgbt-themed web sites , the first being an independent producer forum on the microsoft network .
m j gleeson group plc founded in 1903 specialises in urban regeneration and land development . it is listed on the london stock exchange , and has public facing divisions , gleeson homes and gleeson strategic land .
patari is a pakistani music streaming service founded in february 2015 by khalid bajwa , iqbal talaat bhatti and humayun haroon . the site provides pakistani music and is known as the largest music streaming service in pakistan .
the god-grilla is claimed to be the worlds largest barbecue . it was built by the bespoke bbq company , based in gloucestershire , england , a company run by jack henriques that manufactures custom barbecues . the company was featured in the uk press in august 2010 when it unveiled a huge barbecue , dubbed by the press as god-grilla , which weighed two tonnes , and required three operators to run at full capacity . it was constructed on the same principle as a smaller version .
jardine engineering corporation is a private limited company and wholly owned subsidiary of the jardine pacific , a member of jardine matheson holdings limited . originally established in shanghai in 1923 to support the groups engineering operations in china . previously , this had been done by the groups engineering department . offices have been established in the mainland china , hong kong , macau , myanmar , thailand , singapore and the philippines .
manheim , inc. is an automobile auction company and the worlds largest wholesale auto auction based on trade volume with 145 auctions located in north america , europe , asia and australia . as a subsidiary of privately owned cox enterprises , inc. based in atlanta , georgia , manheims primary business is wholesaling vehicles via a bidding process using traditional and online formats .
reckitt and sons was a leading british manufacturer of household products , focusing on starch , black lead , laundry blue , and household polish , and based in kingston upon hull . isaac reckitt began business in hull in 1840 , and his business became a private company isaac reckitt and sons in 1879 , and a public company in 1888 . the company expanded through the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
commercial bank of greece was a greek bank . its headquarters was in athens . on 1 february 2013 , alpha bank bought commercial bank .
altigator is a multirotor unmanned aerial vehicle manufacturer founded in 2008 and headquartered in waterloo , walloon brabant , belgium . it produces complete ready-to-fly radio-controlled miniature uavs for various professional applications . it also holds a web-shop providing spare parts , self-assembly kits and accessories for drones .
first quantum minerals ltd. is a canadian based mining and metals company whose principal activities include mineral exploration , development and mining . its main product is copper , which accounts for 80 % of revenues . as of 2016 . first quantums common shares are listed for trading on the toronto stock exchange in canada . until 2016 , first quantum also maintained a secondary listing on the london stock exchange in the united kingdom .
intaver institute is a software development company that develops a suite of project management , risk analysis and risk management applications . intaver institutes product is project risk management and risk analysis software suite riskyproject . intaver institute is a privately owned company headquartered in naples , florida , united states and calgary , alberta , canada .
campbell alliance is a specialized management consulting firm that serves the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry . the firm was founded in 1997 by john campbell , a former executive of glaxowellcome , now glaxosmithkline , and is a consulting business segment of inventiv health , inc.
cfao ghana , also known as cfao motors ghana , is a ghanaian automobiles company . it was formed in 1909 and is currently headed by thomas pelletier .
democrasoft , inc. , formerly burst.com , is a public software company located in santa rosa , california .
chiesi farmaceutici s.p.a. is a family controlled italian pharmaceutical company based in parma , emilia-romagna . following the acquisition , in 1999 , of huddersfield based trinity pharmaceuticals , chiesi has also had a significant presence in the united kingdom . established in 1935 , chiesi concentrates primarily on developing respiratory , cardiovascular and neonatological drugs , along with those for treating muscular and skeletal conditions .
post greenland is the company responsible for postal service in greenland . the company is wholly owned by tele greenland a/s , operating under greenland home rule . tele greenland itself was historically founded on september 6 , 1925 , and the date is generally held to be the founding date of post greenland , as well . the companys headquarters are located in nuuk .
strategy first inc. is a video game publisher based in montreal , quebec , canada . founded in 1988 , the company has published numerous games , such as the disciples series , the jagged alliance series , o.r.b : off-world resource base , and the space empires series .
kent reliance provident society is an industrial and provident society in the united kingdom , it is also a member of co-operatives uk . krps currently holds the majority of shares in onesavings bank plc following the transfer of the kent reliance building society business to onesavings plc on 1 february 2011 and the subsequent renaming of onesavings to onesavings bank plc. the remaining shares in onesavings bank plc are owned by the private equity firm jc flowers .
banco intercontinental was the second largest privately held commercial bank in the dominican republic before collapsing in 2003 in a fraud tied to political corruption .
finisar corporation is a manufacturer of optical communication components and subsystems . in 2008 , finisar merged with optium corporation . finisars products include optical transceivers , optical engines , active optical cables , optical components , optical instrumentation , roadm & wavelength management , optical amplifiers , and rf-over-fiber . their products enable high-speed voice , video and data communications for networking , storage , wireless , and cable tv applications .
lohmann is a surname . notable people with the surname include : dietrich lohmann , german cinematographergeorge lohmann , english cricketerhanns-heinrich lohmann , german obersturmbannfhrer , in the waffen ss during world war iihans lohmann , german zoologisthenry lohmann , danish film actorkarl baptiste lohmann , professor , author , landscape architecture , urban planning at university of illinois .
summit nutritionals international , inc. is an american multinational manufacturer of raw materials for the pharmaceutical , nutraceutical , and food industries .
solidere s.a.l. is a lebanese joint-stock company in charge of planning and redeveloping beirut central district following the conclusion , in 1990 , of the devastating lebanese civil war . by agreement with the government , solidere enjoys special powers of eminent domain as well as a limited regulatory authority codified in law , making the company a unique form of public-private partnership .
japan freight railway company , or jr freight , is one of the constituent companies of japan railways group . it provides transportation of cargo nationwide . its headquarters are in shibuya , tokyo near shinjuku station . the japan railways group was founded on april 1 , 1987 , when japanese national railways was privatized , and then divided into six regional companies and japan freight railway company .
simplymarry.com is an indian matrimonial portal , owned by the times group , also called bennett , coleman & co. ltd , which is indias largest media conglomerate .
the fsc lublin automotive factory commonly known as fsc , is a large motor vehicle factory in poland established while the country was part of the soviet bloc . it was founded in 1950 . the first vehicle left its assembly line on november 7 , 1951 . the factory was built on an open field in lublin from the grounds up , to first produce light trucks and later vans , as well as vehicles for the military .
john brown may refer to : john brown , american who led an anti-slavery revolt in harpers ferry , virginia in 1859john brown , scottish physician who taught that disease was caused by either excessive or inadequate stimulationjohn brown , scottish servant of queen victoriajohn brown or johnny brown may also refer to : .
fifth street asset management inc. is an sec-registered american credit-focused asset manager . the firm lends to small and medium-sized businesses . revenues of these businesses is generally between $ 25 million and $ 500 million . fifth street has principal offices in greenwich , silicon valley , dallas , and chicago .
tolly cobbold is a former brewery , with strong roots in suffolk , england .
the a.j. canfield company produces and bottles soda beverages including canfields diet chocolate fudge , primarily in the chicago area and was founded in 1924 . production for the midwestern united states is handled by the american bottling company , a subsidiary of dr pepper snapple group and distribution by kehe foods of chicago .
eurasia group is a political risk consultancy founded in 1998 by ian bremmer , with offices in new york city , washington , d.c. , london , tokyo , so paulo , san francisco , and singapore . in 2010 , patrick tucker of the world future society described the group as the worlds largest political-risk consultancy .
manley laboratories , inc. is an american manufacturer of pro audio equipment , including microphones , signal processors , dynamic range processors , equalizers , converters , and specialized mastering products . manley is located in chino , california .
janssen biotech , inc. , formerly centocor biotech , inc. , is a biotechnology company that was founded in philadelphia in 1979 with an initial goal of developing new diagnostic assays using monoclonal antibody technology .
clark construction , also referred to as clark construction group , is a construction firm headquartered in bethesda , maryland , and founded in 1906 . the company has 2015 annual revenue of more than $ 4 billion , and is one of the largest commercial and civil contractors in the country .
the new york gold exchange was an exchange formed shortly after the beginning of the american civil war for the purpose of creating an open market for transactions involving gold and the government-created paper currency , the greenback . established in 1862 , it closed in 1897 .
china huarong asset management co. , ltd. known as just china huarong is the largest financial asset management company in china in terms of total assets , with a focus on distressed debt management . it was one of the four asset management companies that the government of china established in 1999 in response to the 1997 asian financial crisis .
hold everything was a specialty retail chain in the united states that sold home organization and storage solutions . its parent company , williams-sonoma , closed the chains 11 existing stores in 2006 . the hold everything brand began as a williams-sonoma catalog introduced in 1983 . the catalogs success caused the company to begin opening retail stores using the brand name in 1985 . by 1989 , it had already opened 12 retail locations .
its showtime is a defunct kickboxing and mixed martial arts promotion based in amsterdam , netherlands . it was founded by simon rutz in 1998 and held its first show in 1999 and its last near the end of 2012 .
kanbawza bank is a private commercial bank in myanmar . the bank was established on 1 july 1994 in taunggyi , shan state . kbz bank is part of the kbz group conglomerate . in february 2010 , the bank bought an 80 % share in myanmar airways international , myanmars international airline .
panan testing & engineering co. , ltd. is a company with offices located in mainland china and the united states . the company is known for distributing and servicing laboratory testing instruments . historically , the company has distributed laboratory analysis and testing equipment used by the petrochemical and pharmaceutical industry throughout the peoples republic of china .
bandidos films is a mexican film production house associated with ampi .
toy2r is a designer toy company based in hong kong that was founded by prof. raymond choy m.h.in 1995 .
big boy restaurants international , llc is an american restaurant chain headquartered in warren , michigan , in metro detroit . frischs big boy restaurants is a restaurant chain with its headquarters in cincinnati , ohio . the big boy name , design aesthetic , and menu were previously licensed to a number of regional franchisees . big boy was started as bobs pantry in 1936 by bob wian in glendale , california. :11 .
aeluros inc was a semiconductor company developing integrated circuits for wireline communications - for ethernet operating at 10 gigabits per second .
smoking gun interactive is an independent video game development studio based in vancouver , british columbia , canada . it is known for developing medieval mmo tower defense game age of empires : castle siege , which is published by microsoft studios . smoking gun was founded in 2007 by former developers from relic entertainment , who produced the company of heroes series .
noxell corporation , formerly known as the noxzema chemical company , was a maryland-based company that made household products . its best known brands were noxzema and covergirl . in 2016 it is a subsidiary of the procter & gamble company .
american seafoods company is one of the largest seafood companies in north america and one of the largest harvesters of fish in the world . based in seattle , washington , asc owns and operates six large catcher-processor vessels that harvest and process on board fish caught in the u.s. waters of alaska and the pacific northwest . the company is well known for its products made from alaska pollock , pacific hake , yellowfin sole , and pacific cod .
blackbaud inc. is a supplier of software and services specifically designed for nonprofit organizations . its products focus on fundraising , website management , crm , analytics , financial management , ticketing , and education administration . blackbauds flagship product is a fundraising sql database software , raisers edge . revenue from the sale of raisers edge and related services accounted for thirty percent of blackbauds total revenue in 2012 .
dumbells bank was a bank on the isle of man . the banks insolvency in 1900 , known as black saturday and referred to on the isle of man as the dumbells bank crash , resulted in a run on the bank with many individuals losing their life savings and the ruin of numerous local businesses causing poverty , depression and bankruptcy . the effects were profound and lasted for a considerable number of years .
muh arla is a cooperative dairy firm with its head office in pronsfeld in the county of bitburg-prm in the german state of rhineland-palatinate . in 2011 it processed 1,317 million kilogrammes of milk , that had been supplied by 2,442 milk producers from the regions of the eifel , moselle , the rhineland , the lower rhine , the bergisches land , belgium and luxembourg . the cooperative has over 48 filling sites that produce over a billion cartons annually .
men.com is a producer of gay internet pornography content . it is owned by mindgeek . the domain name was purchased in december 2003 from entrepreneur rick schwartz for $ 1.3 million .
david lerner associates is a privately held securities broker/dealer , with clients assets totaling approximately $ 6 billion . the headquarters is in syosset , new york , and there are branch offices in westport , ct boca raton , florida teaneck and lawrenceville , nj and white plains , ny . their product offerings include municipal bonds , mutual funds , retirement planning , life insurance , and other services . -LSB- 1 -RSB- .
mochida pharmaceutical co. , ltd is a japanese pharmaceutical company . one of its products is the antidepressant setiptiline .
blackthorne publishing , inc. was a comic book publisher that flourished from 19861989 . they were notable for the blackthorne 3-d series , their reprint titles of classic comic strips like dick tracy , and their licensed products .
webmaker cms is a uk-based company which markets an online website builder package called webmaker cms , a website builder . the product provides free hosting for the first year , which is renewed by annual fee . webmaker has a number of add-ons or plug-ins/widgets , enabling customers to add extra features as and when they are needed by selecting them from within the webmaker product . webmaker is sold by the uk marketing agency , insight group , based in bracknell , berkshire , uk .
the canadian professional sales association , commonly known as cpsa , is a canadian association for sales and marketing professionals . cpsa is a not-for-profit association , with 27,000 members . cpsa has two main member benefits membership savings and professional development .
vickers shipbuilding and engineering , ltd was a shipbuilding company based at barrow-in-furness , cumbria in northwest england that built warships , civilian ships , submarines and armaments . the company was historically the naval construction works of vickers armstrongs and has a heritage of building large naval warships and armaments .
cassa padana banca di credito cooperativo s.c. is an italian bank based in leno , lombardy region . the bank served the area around brescia and 8 other provinces of northern italy . in terms of branches , the bank is the fourth largest bank among the federazione italiana delle banche di credito cooperativo - casse rurali ed artigiane , behind banca di credito cooperativo di roma , banca del territorio lombardo and banca dalba .
gayfers was a regional department store chain in the southern united states . based in mobile , alabama , the chain of stores operated from 1879 until 1998 when it was taken over by dillards .
sharps brewery is a british brewery founded in 1994 in st minver lowlands , rock , cornwall , by bill sharp . since 2011 , the brewery has been owned by molson coors . it is best known for its flagship ale doom bar , named after the notoriously perilous doom bar sandbank in north cornwall .
frederator studios is an american animation television production studio which is a division of frederator networks , inc. and founded by fred seibert in 1997 with its first series launching in 1998 . the studio focuses primarily on artists who write their own shorts , series , and movies . their slogan is original cartoons since 1998 . the studio has locations in new york city and burbank , california .
felis creations is a bangalore , karnataka-based film production company founded in 2006 by sandesh kadur . it produces factual programs for international broadcast . felis creations is also involved in wildlife documentarion and conservation activities in collaboration with wildlife conservation organizations . felis creations was the producer for recent tv series planet earth ii broadcast by the bbc .
fermina express is a commuter bus company servicing metro manila and along the province of pangasinan . the main bus station is located at 832 aurora boulevard corner driod , immaculate conception , quezon city . it also has a terminal in pasay along edsa . it had services before for provincial operations bus was taken over by jac liner in 2015 .
vision crew unlimited was a motion picture and tv commercial visual effects company founded in 1994 by visual effects artists evan jacobs , jon warren and douglas miller . the company later expanded into a full service visual effects firm . in 1996 , vcu contributed miniature effects to james camerons film titanic .
dhl express is a division of the german logistics company deutsche post dhl providing international courier , parcel and express mail services . deutsche post dhl is the worlds largest logistics company operating around the world , particularly in sea and air mail . founded in the united states in 1969 to deliver documents between san francisco and honolulu , the company expanded its service throughout the world by the late 1970s .
svenska handelsbanken ab is a swedish bank providing universal banking services including traditional corporate transactions , investment banking and trading as well as consumer banking including life insurance . handelsbanken is one of the major banks in sweden with over 460 branches . since the mid 1990s handelsbanken has been expanding its universal banking operations into the other nordic countries , and also in the united kingdom , the netherlands , latvia , estonia and lithuania .
hytracc consulting as is a design and implementation service provider for it solutions assisting oil and gas companies in managing their hydrocarbon exploration supply chain . the company is headquartered in stavanger , norway , and also has offices in aberdeen , calgary , groningen , houston , trondheim , and kuala lumpur . the company claims to be a leading provider of skills for implementing the energy components solution of the vendor tieto norway .
sealink travel group is an australian public company that operates tourist and travel services . as at february 2016 , it operated 69 vessels .
powers great american midways is a family operated traveling carnival midway company based in corfu , new york . it provides amusement rides , games and concessions for local , county and state fairs throughout the eastern united states . the business is a trade name of amusements of rochester , inc.
pure storage is a mountain view , california-based enterprise data flash storage company founded in 2009 .
verified audit circulation is a united states company founded by geraldine knight in 1951 that conducts circulation audits of both free and paid print publications and of traffic figures for web sites . the company also provides custom research and verifies field delivery of products such as yellow pages , branded delivery bags , and door hangers .
the old bushmills distillery is a distillery in bushmills , county antrim , northern ireland . as of december 2014 , it was in the process of transitioning from ownership by diageo plc to jose cuervo . all of the whiskey bottled under the bushmills whiskey brand is produced at the bushmills distillery and uses water drawn from saint columbs rill , which is a tributary of the river bush . the distillery is a popular tourist attraction , with around 120,000 visitors per year .
nicalis , inc. is an american video game developer and publisher based in santa ana , california . the company focuses primarily on indie games and has developed and published both original games as well as ports of existing games . nicalis was founded in 2007 by tyrone rodriguez , a former editor for ign .
clair companies is an entertainment technology company and the umbrella for two brands in the industry : clair brothers , a loudspeaker system manufacturer , and clair solutions , an avl system design and installation company .
acer inc. is a taiwanese multinational hardware and electronics corporation , specializing in advanced electronics technology , headquartered in xizhi , new taipei city , taiwan . acers products include desktop pcs , laptop pcs , tablets , servers , storage devices , virtual reality devices , displays , smartphones and peripherals .
syntel , inc. is a u.s.-based multinational provider of integrated technology and business services . headquartered in troy , michigan , syntel utilizes development centers in india . syntel is a certified minority-owned business . the company is led by ceo and president rakesh khanna .
the straits steamship company was a shipping firm that operated steamships on puget sound and the strait of juan de fuca .
greater bank is an australian customer-owned bank and mutual financial institution with headquarters in hamilton , new south wales . the bank was previously known as the greater building society , or simply the greater , and provides services to customers in new south wales and southeast queensland through branches , mobile lenders , its own atm network , access to the westpac atm network , internet and mobile banking , and a newcastle-based customer service call centre .
checkers drive-in restaurants , inc. , is one of the largest chains of double drive-thru restaurants in the united states . the company operates checkers and rallys restaurants in 28 states and the district of columbia . they specialize in hamburgers , hot dogs , french fries , and milkshakes .
hmv retail ltd. is an entertainment retailing company operating in the united kingdom . the first hmv-branded store was opened by the gramophone company on oxford street in 1921 , and the hmv name was also used for television and radio sets manufactured from the 1930s onwards . the retail side of the business began to expand in the 1960s , and in 1998 was divested from emi , the successor to the gramophone company , to form what would become hmv group .
british american tobacco plc is a british multinational tobacco company headquartered in london , united kingdom . it is the largest publicly traded tobacco company in the world . bat has a market-leading position in over 50 countries and operations in around 180 countries . its four largest-selling brands are its native brand dunhill and us brands lucky strike , kent and pall mall , others the company markets include benson & hedges and rothmans .
fox learning systems is an american e-learning and multimedia training company .
alberta treasury branches , doing business as atb financial , is a financial institution and crown corporation owned by the province of alberta . atb operates in alberta only , providing financial services to nearly 700,000 albertans and alberta-based businesses . atb has 172 branches and 135 agencies , serving a total of 243 communities in alberta . wealth management services are offered under the name atb investor services or atbis . atb has more than 5,000 employees .
belfius bank and insurance , known as dexia bank belgium up until 1 march 2012 , is a for-profit plc founded to meet local authority needs . belfius emerged from the dismantling of the dexia group , of which it was part until 10 october 2011 , when it was purchased by the belgian state for 4 billion euros . the companys headquarters are in brussels .
luhanskteplovoz , earlier known as voroshilovgrad locomotive works is a large industrial company in luhansk , ukraine , manufacturing locomotives , multiple unit trains as well as other heavy equipment . the company was founded in 1896 as russische maschinenbaugesellschaft hartmann in luhansk and renamed lokomotive factory octoberrevolution in 1918 following the russian revolution .
egged israel transport cooperative society ltd , a cooperative owned by its members , is the largest transit bus company in israel . eggeds intercity bus routes reach most israeli cities , towns , kibbutzim and moshavim , and the company operates urban city buses throughout the country and the west bank . it also operates in poland and the netherlands through a subsidiary .
pak elektron limited is a pakistani engineering corporation which manufactures major home appliances and electrical equipment . pel was founded in 1956 through technical collaboration with aeg . in 1978 , pel was acquired by saigol group and was taken public a decade later . over the years , pel has formed alliances with several international giants , including general electric , fujitsu and hitachi . the company also became the sole distributor of lg corporations home appliances in 2009 .
storagemart is a self-storage company with facilities in the usa , canada and the uk .
bae systems marine ltd. was the shipbuilding subsidiary of bae systems , formed in 1999 , which manufactured the full range of naval ships nuclear submarines , frigates , destroyers , amphibious ships . in 2003 bae systems marine was split into separate submarine and surface ship units bae systems submarines and bae systems naval ships . the latter was merged into a bae systems/vt group joint venture , bvt surface fleet in 2008 , which subsequently became bae systems surface ships in 2009 .
covenant aviation security , llc is a chicago company that provides security services to the aviation industry . michael bolles has been its president since july 2012 .
heritage microfilm , inc. is a preservation microfilm and microfilm digitization business located in cedar rapids , iowa .
levante , is an italian marketer and manufacturer of hosiery . the company is headquartered in castel goffredo , italy .
evergreen international aviation , inc. was a global aviation services company based in mcminnville , oregon , united states . founded in 1960 , evergreen was primarily known for commercial helicopter operations in agricultural and forestry applications . the airline division , evergreen international airlines , operated all-cargo boeing 747 freighters . evergreen ceased all aviation-related operations in 2013 due to financial challenges .
mendix is a low-code software platform . it provides tools to build , test , deploy and iterate applications . the company was founded in 2005 .
master motors is a pakistani bus and truck manufacturer , based in karachi , pakistan since 2002 . master motors is the authorized assembler and manufacturer of mitsubishi fuso , foton , yuejin , yutong vehicles in pakistan . master motor is also made an agreement with chinese automoblie company changan automobile after awarded greenfield status by ministry of industries & production .
the good guys is a chain of consumer electronics retail stores in australia and formerly new zealand . its national headquarters is in the melbourne suburb of essendon fields . the company was founded by ian muir and following his death in 2009 ownership of the chain remained with the muir family . in 2016 , the good guys was purchased by jb hi-fi in 2016 , despite competition concerns .
acxiom corporation is a conway , arkansas-based database marketing company . the company collects , analyzes and sells customer and business information used for targeted advertising campaigns . its liveramp division provides data onboarding services , whereby offline data is transferred online for marketing purposes . the company has offices in the united states , europe and asia .
potevio group corporation is a chinese company . it was one of the 102 state-owned enterprises that were supervised by state-owned assets supervision and administration commission of the state council . potevio group corporation is the parent company of potevio co. , ltd. .
symphony limited located in ahmedabad was established in the year 1988 . it is a joint stock , publicly held , listed company . it manufactures products like domestic air coolers , industrial air coolers , and water heaters . symphony has its operations in about 60 countries . it is also certified by the guinness world record ltd. for manufacturing the worlds largest functioning air cooler .
dotdash is an american internet-based network of content that publishes articles and videos about various subjects on its topic sites , of which there are nearly 1,000 . it is operated by about , inc. . the website competes with other online resource sites and encyclopedias .
kirow ardelt gmbh eberswalde , referred to as ardelt , is a german crane manufacturer . the company specialises in manufacturing double jib level luffing cranes which are based on the patented double jib principle . ardelt has produced more than 4,700 harbour cranes . ardelt also makes single jib-level luffing cranes and balancer cranes . the range also includes a mobile harbour crane with a high gantry that is also based on the double jib system .
code first : girls is a not for profit social enterprise that works exclusively with women in britain to develop coding skills . the organisation promotes gender diversity and female participation in the technology sector by offering free and paid training and courses for students and professional women . it also supports businesses to train staff and develop talent management policies .
z sculpt entertainment is a two-person software company founded in 1996 by zackary black and zack morris . it develops macintosh-only games and other software . most of the companys activity happened in the 1990s . the company reappeared recently with the release of the online-enabled demo of their game khufu , and the announcement of return to dark castle being completed . it is currently unknown if the company will implement the new online code into its other games .
green mountain energy company is a united states company that offers electricity products , carbon offsets , and sustainable solutions to residential and commercial customers . competitors of green mountain include reliant energy , champion energy , texas power , txu energy , gexa energy , and direct energy .
bank of ningbo co. , ltd. is a chinese city-based commercial bank headquartered in ningbo , zhejiang . as at 31 december 2015 , the company had 30 branches in several cities in yangtze river delta area , in ningbo , shanghai , nanjing , hangzhou , suzhou , wuxi and other cities in zhejiang province , as well as in beijing and shenzhen .
alleycats pizza , usually referred to simply as alleycats , is a pizzeria chain restaurant that started in taipei , taiwan , in 2004 . from its humble origins in the tiny basement level of a building on lishui street , it has expanded to nine locations throughout taipei .
dmailer specialized in portable backup and synchronization software for a range of mobile devices , including usb flash drives , memory cards , external hard disk drives , mp3 players , embedded phone memories , sim cards and flash-based memory cards for mobile phones . serving both consumers and original equipment manufacturers , dmailer designed , developed , manufactured and marketed portable backup and synchronization software .
bruni glass is a supplier of glass packaging for the spirits , wine and food sectors . the company was founded in milan , italy in 1974 . bruni glass is well known for manufacturing the glass skulls for crystal head vodka , as well as for running the bruni glass design award , an international design contest that celebrates glass packaging design . in 2016 , berlin packaging acquired the company . at the time , bruni glass had sales of $ 150 million across 7,000 customers and 100 countries .
asplundh tree expert company is an american company which specializes in tree pruning and vegetation management for utilities and government agencies . the company also performs utility line construction and maintenance , electrical systems testing , traffic signal and highway lighting construction and maintenance , automated metering infrastructure and home energy management program implementation .
abs-cbn publishing inc. is a filipino magazine and book publisher and a wholly owned subsidiary of abs-cbn . it is operated by the cable channels and print media group . it is the largest magazine distributor in the country , covering 200 cities and municipalities throughout the philippines . abs-cbn publishing is also the first filipino publisher to have significant overseas sales .
getrag , stylized as getrag , is the worlds largest supplier of transmission systems for passenger cars and commercial vehicles .
charlotte aircraft corporation is a company headquartered in charlotte , north carolina which deals in used aircraft and aircraft parts . the company was founded by jenks caldwell sr. in 1953 . today the company is run by his son jenks caldwell jr. the companys main business is reselling refurbished aircraft parts which it acquires by purchasing used aircraft and stripping them of their useful parts , storing them until required , and re-furbishing them before sale to the customer .
florida credit union is a member-owned financial services institution headquartered in gainesville , florida and serving the north central florida area . as of december 2017 , florida credit union had over $ 975 million in assets and has more than 92,000 members . fcu is regulated under the authority of the national credit union administration .
bultaco was a spanish manufacturer of two-stroke motorcycles from 1958 to 1983 . in may 2014 , a new bultaco was announced , and the company will be selling electric-powered street motorcycles from 2015 . the r & d department will be based in madrid while the factory will be located in barcelona .
blue fountain media is a digital marketing agency from new york city providing website development and online marketing strategies .
cke restaurants holdings , inc. , is the parent company of the carls jr. , hardees , green burrito , and red burrito fast food restaurant brands . the companys headquarters are located in franklin , tennessee . the name means carl karcher enterprises .
canesta is a fabless semiconductor company founded in april 1999 by cyrus bamji , abbas rafii , and nazim kareemi . the company manufactures cmos-based single chip 3d sensors , which can be used as part of input systems for electronic devices . on october 29 , 2010 , canesta announced that it would be acquired by microsoft for an undisclosed amount . canasco was formed as an asset holding company of canesta to transition and wind down canesta .
the aomori bank , ltd. is a japanese regional bank headquartered in aomori , aomori prefecture , in the thoku region of northern honsh . the aomori bank provides financial services for individual and corporate customers , including deposits , loans , securities trading and investment , foreign exchange , and bond underwriting and registration services as well as credit card services .
the burnley bus company is a bus operator running services in the boroughs of burnley and pendle , and into the surrounding areas including accrington , keighley and manchester . it is a subsidiary of transdev blazefield .
gold and company was a department store located in downtown lincoln , nebraska . the store was founded in 1915 and quickly grew into one of lincolns dominant retailers throughout the 20th century . golds merged with the brandeis department store in 1964 and closed in 1980 .
willamette industries , inc. was a fortune 500 forest products company based in portland , oregon , united states . in 2002 , the lumber and paper company was purchased by competitor weyerhaeuser of federal way , washington in a hostile buyout and merged into weyerhaeusers existing operations .
vegas oil and gas s.a. is a company based in egypt focusing on petroleum exploration and gas exploration . headquartered in athens , but mainly operating from the cairo suburb of maadi . vegas is wholly owned by the vardinogiannis family .
cabalen is a philippine buffet restaurant chain primarily serving traditional filipino entrees heavy on influences from the pampanga region of central luzon , ranging from filipino , thai , and even japanese cuisines . however , most of the meals are from kapampangan cuisine . most of the restaurants are located in metro manila with one restaurant located on cebu and single international unit in the united states . some of the locations are franchised operations .
showers-aero was an american aerospace design firm based in milton , pennsylvania . the company specialized in the design of helicopters in the form of plans for amateur construction . ben showers formed the company as part of his work redesigning the adams-wilson choppy helicopter , a program that resulted in the single-seat showers skytwister or choppy .
thanasi foods is a small manufacturer and distributor of packaged snack foods . products distributed by thanasi foods are available in convenience stores , grocery stores , and drug stores in the united states and canada .
second cup coffee co. is a canadian coffee retailer operating more than 300 cafes across the country . its headquarters are in mississauga , ontario . its stores sell hot and cold beverages , pastries , snacks , pre-packaged food items , hot and cold sandwiches , and drinkware including mugs and tumblers . second cup sales continue to compete with starbucks , tim hortons and mcdonalds , which also feature espresso-based specialty drinks .
mckeough supply is a canadian corporation that wholesales a variety of industrial products including hvac , pipe , valves , and fittings . mckeough supply is a privately held company . it is one of canadas oldest corporations . founded in 1847 , the company is headquartered in chatham , ontario . its current chairman is darcy mckeough and current president richard h. elliott .
secura insurance is a mutual insurance company in the united states that offers property and casualty insurance through independent insurance agents in 12 states . the company focuses on insurance for businesses , homes and autos , farms , non-profit organizations , and special events . the company headquarters is located in appleton , wisconsin , with an additional office located in middleton , wisconsin . secura employs approximately 700 people .
everlight electronics co. , ltd. is a taiwanese company which manufactures light-emitting diodes . it is the worlds seventh largest led manufacturer .
orient overseas container line is a hong kong-based container shipping and logistics service company . oocl is a large integrated international container transportation , logistics and terminal company with offices in 70 countries . oocl has 59 vessels of different classes , with capacity varying from 2,992 twenty-foot equivalent units to 21,413 teu , including two ice-class vessels for extreme weather conditions . oocl is a member of the grand alliance formed in 1998 .
ivoclar vivadent ag is a worldwide dental company that produces a range of products and systems for dentists and dental technicians .
grosset may refer to : grosset wines , an australian winerygrosset & dunlap , an american publisher .
everymatrix ltd is an independent software development company founded in 2008 . it delivers custom-built software solutions to the igaming industry , including a fully managed sports betting solution , a casino aggregation system , and a gaming management and payment processing platform .
the georgia fruitcake company is a confectionery company based in claxton , georgia .
victrex plc is a british-based supplier of high performance polymer solutions . it is a constituent of the ftse 250 . the companys headquarters and manufacturing facilities are based in the uk with technical and customer support facilities in multiple markets , serving more than 40 countries . victrex serves a diverse range of industries including aerospace , automotive , electronics , oil and gas and medical .
pennon group plc is a british water utility and waste management company based in exeter , devon in the united kingdom . the company is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index . 83 % of the companys profits come from its subsidiary , south west water .
the miller group advertising , inc. is digital agency which focuses on advertising , direct marketing , interactive , public relations , and production . it was founded in 1990 by renee miller , the agencys president and creative director . the miller group is headquartered in los angeles , california . the agency has won many creative awards over the years and has worked on a number of national brands , including kenwood electronics , goodwill , re/max , general electric and anthem .
sexpot comedy is a comedy collective , producing or sponsoring nine podcasts and more than a dozen weekly or monthly live events in denver , colorado . it is run by partners kayvan soorena tyler khalatbari-limaki , a local entrepreneur , and andy juett , a local comedian and producer .
the emerson electric company is an american multinational corporation headquartered in ferguson , missouri , united states . this fortune 500 company manufactures products and provides engineering services for a wide range of industrial , commercial , and consumer markets . emerson has approximately 103,500 employees and 205 manufacturing locations worldwide .
rhythmone plc , formerly known as blinkx , is a digital advertising technology company that uses cross-device content to connect brands to consumers . founded in 2004 , blinkx went public on the london stock exchange in may , 2007 and began trading as rhythm one in 2017 . the company is headquartered in san francisco , ca and london , england .
sunglass hut is an international retailer of sunglasses and sunglass accessories founded in miami , florida , united states , in 1971 . sunglass hut is part of the italian-based luxottica group , the worlds largest eyewear company . as of december 31 , 2008 , the luxottica group operated 2,286 stores worldwide , most of those as part of the sunglass hut brand .
tdr capital is a british private equity firm headquartered in london .
pcs brewery or brewery of pcs is of the four big breweries in hungary and the biggest in the southern transdanubia located in pcs , the capital of baranya county in southwestern hungary .
landesbank baden-wrttemberg is a parent company of three commercial banks and the landesbank for some federal states of germany . as of 2017 , it is germanys biggest state-backed landesbank lender .
the district development fund , or ddf , is a zimbabwe government agency within the ministry of rural resources and water development that is charged with the responsibility of providing and maintaining rural infrastructure within the communal , resettlement and small scale commercial farming areas of zimbabwe . its programmes are funded by the government , donors and the private sector .
mwebantu is a national news agency headquartered in lusaka and is the leading online news website and social media platform in zambia . mwebantu.com is their flagship website which is an online based news publication catering for local zambians and those in the diaspora . as of 2017 , chilambe katuta served as editor-in-chief . the innovation of the publication was concentrating on breaking news and live coverage of events .
ijssalon crusio is an ice cream parlor in the center of bergen op zoom , the netherlands . it was founded in 1915 and has received multiple awards . the parlor is open all year long .
6gmobile was a dutch telecommunications operator that declared bankruptcy in 2012 . it combined mobile , fixed voice and internet technologies into a single network . it was fully licensed and operational as a gsm operator in the netherlands .
chandigarh transport undertaking is the public transport unit of the chandigarh administration in india . it is managed by the home secretary , who acts as transport secretory and director . it operates a mixed fleet of ac , non ac , mini , midi and corona low floor buses . almost all the buses have digital display and the routes , time of arrival and stops of the buses can be found in the ctu bus guide app for android phones .
shipbuilding industry corporation is a state-owned shipbuilding holding group in vietnam , which offers a wide variety of new building choice from merchant vessel to platform supply vessel to other custom made-to-order ships . it was established based on restructured vietnam shipbuilding industry group .
jr. food stores is a chain of convenience stores operating in south central kentucky and northern middle tennessee , with approximately 41 retail locations . it is owned by houchens industries . the chain is not related to jr. food mart , which is an outgrowth of the now-defunct jitney jungle supermarket chain , and which continues to operate convenience stores in the gulf coast states .
visage technologies ab is a private company that produces computer vision software for face tracking and face analysis , along with a special business unit in automotive industry . the primary product of visage technologies is a multiplatform software development kit visagesdk .
secure islands technologies ltd. is an israeli privately held technology company headquartered in 5 menachem begin ave. , beit dagan , that develops and markets information protection and control solutions . secure islands technologies ltd. was founded by two brothers aki eldar and yuval eldar in late 2006 , to develop and sell advanced data security solutions . the then jerusalem-based start-up company suggested a new solution for data protection : embedding security directly in data .
alloy entertainment is a book packaging and television production unit of warner bros. television , part of time warner . it produces books , television series , and feature films . alloy entertainment produces approximately thirty new books a year , which are published globally in more than forty languages .
safebreach is a cybersecurity company based in sunnyvale , california and tel aviv , israel . the company has developed a platform that simulates hacker breach methods , running continuous war games to identify breach scenarios across network systems . in july 2016 , safebreach raised $ 15 million in series a funding from an investor group including sequoia capital , hewlett-packard , deutsche telekom capital partners and others .
abc family worldwide is a subsidiary of the disneyabc television group that is responsible for the operations of the u.s. cable network freeform . the company was originally formed as international family entertainment , a spin-off of the christian broadcasting networks cable network the family channel . in 1993 , ife acquired the assets of defunct british itv broadcaster television south , whose holdings included the library of u.s. studio mtm enterprises .
allders was an independent department store operating in the united kingdom . established in croydon by joshua allder in 1862 , allders developed into a chain of department stores across england and wales . its flagship store in croydon was the third-largest department store in the united kingdom .
dynamicops was a private software company headquartered in burlington , massachusetts , usa , that is backed by credit suisse , intel capital , sierra ventures , and next world capital . dynamicops develops cloud automation and management solutions . these solutions are designed to help enterprise it organizations create scalable private , public and desktop cloud services in days from their existing technology systems and processes . it was acquired by vmware in 2012 .
hellosociety is a social media marketing and technology firm that help brands optimize their efforts through strategic partnerships with influencers and market analytics . the company was the first pinterest marketing and analytics firm . in 2015 the company expanded its network to include influencers on instagram , snapchat , youtube , and other social media platforms . hellosociety is based in santa monica , ca . kyla brennan is its ceo and founder .
webhelp is a customer experience and business process outsourcer headquartered in paris .
bmce bank is a large commercial bank in morocco . according to the companys website , it operates over 697 branches in morocco alone . and 560 branches in africa . bmce has offices in france , spain , united kingdom , china , italy , germany , uae , belgium , canada and netherlands . the banks stock is listed on the bourse de casablanca , or the casablanca stock exchange .
lightwaverf is a home automation company which offers integrated light , heat , power and security solutions in the internet of things space . the company is listed on the alternative investment market of the london stock exchange . the companys products are compatible with apple homepod , amazon alexa , nest labs , google home and ifttt .
riedel communications gmbh & co. kg is a german manufacturer of communications equipment and an equipment distributor . riedel was founded in 1987 in wuppertal , germany by thomas riedel . riedel has three business segments : manufacture of communication equipment , rental service and radio distribution . the company has over 500 employees and is based in the riedel technologie park .
telegraphy is the long-distance transmission of textual or symbolic messages without the physical exchange of an object bearing the message . thus semaphore is a method of telegraphy , whereas pigeon post is not . telegraphy requires that the method used for encoding the message be known to both sender and receiver . many methods are designed according to the limits of the signalling medium used .
peuterey is an italian clothing brand specializing in outerwear and born in altopascio in 2002 .
amegy bank of texas is a us bank operating in texas that is a subsidiary of zions bancorporation . it is headquartered in the five post oak park building in the post oak park business park in houston , texas . as of 2005 it was the largest bank in houston . as of 2010 , the bank has usd $ 11 billion in assets , 80 locations and 2000 employees within the state of texas .
basilisk games is an independent video game company based in indianapolis , indiana that develops video games for the windows , mac os x , and linux platforms . currently specializing in role-playing games , the company released its first title eschalon : book 1 in 2007 . the company consists of one full-time employee , thomas riegsecker , as well as several contract employees .
menart records is a full-service record label with partner companies in croatia and serbia .
rochester transit corporation was a privately owned , for-profit transit company that operated streetcar , rail , and bus transit in the city of rochester and surrounding suburban areas from 1938 until 1968 . the city-owned rochester subway was operated by rtc on a contract basis from 1938 until 1957 . john f. uffert and william a. lang served as presidents during the course of operation .
tezuka productions co. , ltd. is a japanese animation studio founded by osamu tezuka in 1968 . it is known for animating notable works such as marvelous melmo , the 1980 and 2003 astro boy series , and black jack . his son , makoto tezuka , currently aims to use tezuka productions to extend tezukas manga series with new issues and publish posthumous works such as legend of the forest .
onepoll is a marketing research company specialising in online quantitative research and polling . it has offices in london and bristol . the company is partners with 72point and forms part of the south west news service group , which is the uks largest independent press agency and newswire service . the firm has an online panel of uk and us panelists , ranging across all demographics .
oxford co. , ltd. is a south korean toy company , based in busan , that makes interlocking brick toys .
kingfisher xpress was a new door-to-door cargo delivery service from kingfisher airlines . kingfisher xpress same day service was indias first and only same day delivery by air service .
iomart group is a scottish information technology and cloud computing company that was founded in 1998 by entrepreneur angus macsween . the group takes its name from a derivation of the gaelic word iomairt meaning enterprise . iomart offered the first consumer broadband connection in the united kingdom , and was the first broadband reseller through its madasafish brand .
nilesat l st -RSB- , or -RRB- is an egyptian company and the name of a series of egyptian communications satellites . it was established in 1996 with the purpose of operating egyptian satellites and their associated ground control station and uplinking facilities .
noble romans is a pizza company based in indianapolis , indiana .
mesa imaging is a time-of-flight camera company . as privately financed organization , mesa was founded in july 2006 as a spin out from the swiss center for electronics and microtechnology to commercialize its time-of-flight camera technologies . as of 2009 , its primary product line , the swissranger , is in its fourth generation with the swissranger sr4000 . in 2014 mesa was bought by heptagon .
resorts world bimini bahamas is a 750-acre caribbean beachfront resort and casino located on north bimini island . it is operated by the malaysia-based genting group . their corporate office for the southeast usa is located in downtown miami , florida . the resort is located in bimini , bahamas , 42 miles east of miami , florida . estimated cost to be built is us $ 220 million .
cellcom communications or cellcom is a telecommunications company based in montreal , quebec and the largest franchisee of bell canada & bell mobility in north america with 24 stores across ontario and greater montreal area .
three uk is a british telecommunications and internet service provider operating as a subsidiary of ck hutchison holdings , operating under the global three brand . the company launched in march 2003 as united kingdoms first commercial video mobile network . it provides 3g and 4g services through its own network infrastructure .
anglesey aluminium metal ltd , which shut down on 30 september 2009 , was a joint venture between the rio tinto group and kaiser aluminum . its aluminium smelter , located on the outskirts of holyhead , was one of the largest employers in north wales , with 540 staff members , and began to produce aluminium in 1971 . until recently it produced up to 142,000 tonnes of aluminium every year and was the biggest single user of electricity in the united kingdom .
eyeguide , inc. , formerly grinbath , is an american computer software and hardware company , located in lubbock , texas , united states , that currently designs and sells eye-controlled technologies for research and related markets . previously , eyeguide made the eyeguide tracker , an affordable and effective eye tracking device compatible for lab use . following the success of the eyeguide tracker , the firm set out to make its tracker fully mobile : the eyeguide mobile tracker .
the north australian pastoral company is a large , privately owned , australian cattle company which operates 13 cattle stations covering over 60,000 km2 , managing about 200,000 cattle , in the northern territory and queensland . it produces beef cattle which are grass fed and grain finished before sale to australian meat processors who onsell beef to domestic and international customers .
codecademy is an online freemium interactive platform that offers free coding classes in 12 different programming languages including python , java , javascript , ruby , sql , and sass , as well as markup languages html and css . the site also offers a paid pro option that gives users access to a personalized learning plan , quizzes , realistic projects , and live help from advisors .
tropos networks is a wireless mesh networking company that provides hardware , embedded software and network management application software for building large scale wireless networks . these networks are used by utilities , municipalities , public safety agencies , mines and others that need to communicate with fixed and mobile assets , as well as mobile workers , in the field . the company was founded in 2000 by narasimha chari , devabhaktuni sri srikrishna , christian dubiel and jonathan goldenstein .
fantasy air was a czech aircraft manufacturer . the company started building ultralight aircraft in the 1990s . fantasy air manufactured the allegro 2007 aircraft under microlight/ultralight regulations in several countries and under the light-sport aircraft rules in the us.the company made a deal to purchase pisek airport in 2007 and this took needed cash out of the manufacturing operation .
gardeners supply company is an employee-owned company providing environmentally friendly gardening products and information through its website , catalogs , and retail stores . the gardeners supply company headquarters in burlington , vermont , include administrative offices , a retail store and display gardens . an additional retail store , outlet , and display gardens are located in williston , vermont .
flavorite ice cream is one of the leading commercial ice cream manufacturers in trinidad and tobago . it was formed in 1970 by vernon charles . it is also known as flavorite foods as well . it is located at boundary road , san juan , trinidad . it is distributed to retail outlets and also exported to other caribbean islands as well . flavorite foods acquired romike ltd in 2012 . the company is publicly traded and listed on the trinidad and tobago stock exchange .
ttnet a. . , operating under the trk telekom brand , is the largest internet service provider in turkey and has around 7 million subscribers . ttnet is a subsidiary of trk telekom group . currently , mohammad hariri is chairman of the board of directors and abdullah orkun kaya is the ceo of the ttnet.in february 2010 , ttnet launched a new service called tivibu , which combines television and cinema .
oliver goldsmith is a british eyewear design company established in london in 1926 by phillip oliver goldsmith . under the directorship of his son charles oliver goldsmith , grandsons andrew oliver and raymond , and great-granddaughter claire goldsmith , the brand became known worldwide for its innovative designs for glasses and sunglasses worn by celebrities such as diana dors and audrey hepburn . hepburns famous sunglasses in breakfast at tiffanys were a oliver goldsmith design .
unwins seeds is a british seed company based in alconbury weston , huntingdon in cambridgeshire . the times describes unwins as a firm that has grown ... to become one of the most familiar features of britains horticultural landscape , and the bbc calls the company world-famous .
agora spka akcyjna or agora sa is a polish media company . agora and gazeta wyborcza were created on the eve of the parliamentary elections in 1989 . gazeta became the first independent newspaper in poland , while agora grew into one of the largest and most renowned media companies in poland . since 1999 agoras shares have been listed on the warsaw stock exchange .
morningstar , inc. is an investment research and investment management firm headquartered in chicago , illinois , united states .
elion enterprises limited , or elion for short , was the largest telecommunications and internet service provider in estonia . it was owned by eesti telekom , which until september 2009 was listed at the stock exchanges of tallinn and london , and was bought by the teliasonera group . the elion groups consolidated revenues for 2007 were 2.98 billion kroons , making it one of the largest companies in estonia .
rising star games is an video game publisher formed in 2004 as a joint business venture between scandinavian distributor bergsala and japanese video game publisher and content developer intergrow . the company is based in hitchin , hertfordshire , england , and in north america in california , united states .
gem diamonds is a british-based global diamond mining business . it is headquartered in london and is listed on the london stock exchange . in 2017 , the company generated a profit of $ 20.8 million .
bright automotive was a startup company in anderson , indiana , working to create a fuel-efficient line of plug-in electric vehicles . the company was started in 2008 with a team of employees from former companies such as chrysler , delphi , gm , mazda , and toyota . the company designed its first vehicle , the idea , a plug-in hybrid electric fleet vehicle designed to reduce fuel costs for corporations that maintain a large commercial fleet .
pumpkin caf shop is a chain of caf shops located at hospitals and railway stations in great britain . it is a sub-brand owned by the ssp group , which owns or franchises many other food shop brands such as caff ritazza and upper crust . the shops sell food and hot and cold drinks . as of 2016 , the chain manages 126 shops .
overbrook entertainment is an american entertainment company based in culver city , california , united states . the production company was started by partners will smith and james lassiter between 1997 and 1999 , about the same time the production for wild wild west was underway . the name overbrook is derived from will smiths neighborhood in west philadelphia . the company produces music , films , and television shows .
porsche design , based in ludwigsburg , germany , was founded in november 2003 as a majority-owned subsidiary of porsche ag to combine porsche ags and porsche design groups accessories and licensing business into one single company .
kamaka hawaii , incorporated , also known as kamaka ukulele or just kamaka is a family-owned hawaii-based maker of ukuleles . it is often credited with producing some of the worlds finest ukuleles , and created the first pineapple ukulele .
easypose is an american fitness startup based in los angeles and founded by ruben dua and venk tatineni . the company offers a platform to book a certified yoga teacher for a home , office or hotel yoga session in 20 + american cities . prior to founding the company , dua was the ceo of an advertising technology company known as spreeify and is a graduate of usc and lmu .
empire interactive was a british video game developer and publisher founded in 1987 . it went out of business in 2009 .
baja brewing company is a craft brewery located in san jose del cabo , baja california sur , mexico .
midway studios los angeles inc. was an american-based video game developer . they are best known for fighting games such as the x-men mutant academy and backyard wrestling franchises , as well as the mortal kombat action game spin-off mortal kombat : shaolin monks . the team was also responsible for the controversial playstation title thrill kill .
premium aerotec is an aerospace manufacturing business , headquartered in augsburg in germany . it is a subsidiary of airbus .
artiscope is a brussels art gallery specialized in contemporary american and european artists . artiscope gallery has organized exhibitions in collaboration with many museums in belgium and germany .
oliver peoples is an american luxury eyewear brand established in 1987 , and owned by luxottica . the brand is sold in oliver peoples boutiques , online , and at fashion boutiques and department stores throughout the world . oliver peoples eyewear is designed in los angeles and manufactured in italy and japan .
david r. godine , publisher is an american book publishing company , founded in 1970 in boston , massachusetts .
fodors is a publisher of english language travel and tourism information and the first relatively professional producer of travel guidebooks . fodors travel and fodors.com are divisions of internet brands .
star film was a film production company in the dutch east indies . established by chinese-indonesian businessman jo eng sek and chinese cameraman cho chin hsin in 1940 , it produced five black-and-white films in 1940 and 1941 two of these were directed by jo , and the remainder were directed by wu tsun . another film was under production when the studio was closed following the japanese occupation of the dutch east indies .
maharashtra energy development agency - meda is a maharashtra government institute run with the federal government of india , to regulate energy conservation and to promote the development of renewable energy in maharashtra state , including solar energy , bio-energy and wind energy . meda is working as a state nodal agency under the aegis of energy department , the state of maharashtra .
eartop technologies was an audio technology company that designed and manufactures wireless audio and video products .
estap a. . is a company based in istanbul , turkey , specializing in the electronic enclosures industry .
mac cosmetics , stylized as mac , is a cosmetics manufacturer founded in toronto in 1984 by frank toskan and frank angelo . the company is headquartered in new york city and became part of the este lauder companies in 1998 . mac is an abbreviation for make-up art cosmetics .
the farmers joint stock bank was a bank that operated in upper canada , and later in the province of canada , from 1834 to 1854 .
jjb sports plc was a british sports retailer . on 24 september 2012 , shares in jjb sports were suspended , and the firm called in administrators . on 1 october 2012 , it was announced that sports direct had purchased part of the business , including twenty stores , the brand , and its website for 28.3 million .
prva petoletka is a serbian manufacturer of hydraulics and pneumatics , which declared bankruptcy in january 2016 . it consists of a parent company which includes one public limited company and 16 enterprises which are organized as joint-stock companies . it maintains production facilities in trstenik , vrnjacka banja , brus , aleksandrovac , novi pazar , leposavic , and belgrade in serbia and bijelo polje in montenegro .
tierra mia coffee company is a specialty coffee retailer and roaster that operates thirteen retail locations in california , united states . the company opened its first coffeehouse in march 2008 in the city of south gate at the intersection of firestone boulevard and atlantic boulevard . in march 2010 , tierra mia coffee opened its second location in the city of huntington park , within the historic pacific boulevard commercial district .
saxo bank is a danish investment bank specializing in online trading and investment . it was founded as a brokerage firm in 1992 , under the name midas fondsmglerselskab , by lars seier christensen , kim fournais and marc hauschildt . the name was changed to saxo when the company obtained a banking license in 2001 . saxo offers trading through its online platforms in forex , stocks , cfds , futures , funds , bonds and futures spreads .
heals is a british furniture and furnishing store chain comprising six stores , selling a range of furniture , lighting and home accessories . for over a century , it has been known for promoting modern design and employing talented young designers .
virbac is a french company dedicated to animal health . it was founded in 1968 by veterinarian pierre-richard dick . the company is the 8th largest veterinarian pharmaceutical group with a turnover of 736 million euros in 2013 . the company is a limited company with executive and supervisory board . it has been listed on the paris stock exchange since 1985 and is member of the sbf 120 . the founders family is the majority shareholder of the company .
afghanistan international bank is a local commercial bank in afghanistan , with its head office in kabul . the bank has seven branch offices in the major cities of the country . aib has international shareholders , two afghan business groups , one afghan/american business group . it opened in 2004 . it is the largest and most profitable private bank in afghanistan .
4k media inc. is an american production company currently owned by konami . it was formerly a subsidiary of 4kids entertainment and was responsible for adapting and producing english language dubs of japanese anime , mainly the yu-gi-oh ! franchise , having dubbed over 600 episodes . the company was shut down by 4kids entertainment on june 30 , 2012 , due to continued lack of profitability , but the production office was acquired by konami and renamed 4k media later that year .
logolounge is a research and networking tool for graphic designers who create corporate identities , or logos . members can search the database by keywords provided by the originator , or according to such criteria as designer , color , shape , symbol , client , etc. members also bookmark and organize favorite designs in lightboxes , read articles pertaining to the graphic design industry , and connect with other members .
hirameki international group inc. was an american company founded in march 2000 which specialized in translating visual novels from japan and releasing them to the american market . it is named after the japanese word for the noun flash or insight . on january 2 , 2008 , the company elected to bow out of games production . in november 2010 , hirameki returned as a video game accessories reseller for their home company , cyber gadget , of japan .
vox lumiere is a los angeles-based theater/concert production and company . vox lumieres shows combine the playing of a silent film with the live performance of original songs , dance and music . vox lumiere has combined live performance with the following silent films : metropolis , the hunchback of notre dame , peter pan and the phantom of the opera .
pars khazar is an iranian small appliance manufacturer based in tehran , iran .
esimene eesti plevkivitstus was an oil shale company located in kohtla-jrve , estonia . it was a predecessor of viru keemia grupp , a shale oil extraction company . on 24 november 1918 , the company was established as riigi plevkivitstus , a department of the ministry for trade and industry . it took over all existing open-pit mines .
robomodo was an independent video game developer based in chicago , illinois . robomodo was formed in early 2008 by former employees of midway games and ea chicago .
the pacific fur company was an american fur trade venture wholly owned and funded by john jacob astor that functioned from 1810 to 1813 . it was based in the pacific northwest , an area contested over the decades between the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , the spanish empire , the united states of america and the russian empire . management , clerks and fur trappers were sent both by land and by sea to the pacific coast in the autumn of 1810 .
bmg rights management gmbh is an international music company focused on the management of music publishing , recording rights and music distribution . the company operates as a division of the international media conglomerate bertelsmann . the company was established in 2008 as a joint venture between bertelsmann and the global private equity firm kohlberg kravis roberts .
the fidelity and deposit company was a trust company in baltimore , maryland . founded in 1890 by edwin warfield , it was also known as the fidelity and deposit trust company of maryland and the fidelity and deposit company of baltimore .
j. rich steers , inc. was a prominent new york-based contracting company focusing on waterfront work . it specialized in heavy maritime infrastructure projects such as bridge and pier construction , tunnel , foundation and sewer and drain work . the firm and its related businesses maintained offices at 17 battery place in lower manhattan , until ceasing operations in 1986 .
carlsson is a german car tuning manufacturer specialising in mercedes-benz cars . the carlsson tuning house was founded by brothers rolf and andreas hartge in 1989 . carlssons products are available for the entire current range of mercedes-benz models including the r-class -LSB- 1 -RSB- , sl-class -LSB- 2 -RSB- , c-class -LSB- 3 -RSB- and the gl-class -LSB- 4 -RSB- along with many others . the company is most popular for its range of alloy wheels .
dot foods is the largest foodservice redistribution company in the united states . dot offers over 112,000 products from 830 food industry manufacturers . dot consolidates those products and delivers in less-than-truckload quantities to distributors nationwide on a weekly basis . distributors can buy a mix of temperatures and products , with a combined minimum of just 5,000 pounds .
canadian plasma resources is a bio-pharmaceutical company based in saskatoon , saskatchewan , canada . it was founded in 2012 and specializes in the collection of source plasma for further manufacturing and contract-manufacturing of plasma-based bio-pharmaceuticals with operations in saskatoon , saskatchewan and moncton , new brunswick . cpr is 100 % owned by the canadian pharmaceutical company exapharma . cpr is one of the only four establishments in canada that are licensed to collect plasma .
alsea , s.a.b. de c.v. , known as alsea , is a mexican multi-brand restaurant operator based in mexico city , mexico . its operating portfolio includes fast-food , casual dining , and cafeteria type restaurant chains located in mexico , south america and spain . it is one of the largest foodservice companies in mexico according to cnn expansin .
oberto brands is an american family-owned business that makes meat snacks including all natural jerky , pepperoni and other smoked meats . the company was founded in 1918 by constantino oberto in seattle , washington . it is now headquartered in kent , washington . the company sells products under the oberto , oberto classics , lowreys meat snacks , pacific gold beef jerky and cattlemans cut brands .
monkey bar games was a division of the defunct video game developer vicious cycle software , based in chapel hill , north carolina . monkey bars mission is the creation of family entertainment products on all handheld and console video game platforms and the pc .
vestergaard is a company headquartered in lausanne , switzerland that manufactures public health tools for people in developing countries . founded as vestergaard frandsen in 1957 as a uniform maker , the company evolved into a social enterprise making products for humanitarian aid in the 1990s . it is now best known for inventing the lifestraw water filter and the permanet mosquito net .
acne studios is a multidisciplinary luxury fashion house based in stockholm , sweden . founded in 1996 as part of the creative collective acne , an acronym for associated computer nerd enterprises that was later changed to ambition to create novel expressions , the fashion house specializes in mens and womens ready-to-wear fashion , footwear , accessories and denim .
rlf brands is a us manufacturer of shopsmith combination machines for woodworking . the brand has its origins in the shopsmith 10er launched in the late 1940s , an immediate success with do-it-yourself homeowners . later the brand changed hands twice before becoming dormant in 1966 . shopsmith , inc. was founded in 1972 to resume manufacture of shopsmith parts and products . in 2009 shopsmith , inc. went into bankruptcy , and reorganized as rlf brands . rlf continues to us the shopsmith brand name .
blaxxun interactive originally named black sun interactive was one of the first companies to develop a 3d community platform designed for the internet using vrml and highly scalable multi-user server environments .
barista is an indian chain of espresso bars that operates in south asia and the middle east . established in february 2000 under the name barista , it was taken over by lavazza in 2007 .
veolia cargo was a european rail freight transportation company that operated mainly in france and germany . on 2 september 2009 the company was acquired by eurotunnel and sncf the deal being finalised on 1 december 2009 .
foster yeoman limited , based in the united kingdom , was one of europes largest independent quarrying and asphalt companies , but is now part of aggregate industries , owned by the swiss construction materials conglomerate holcim .
doka is an international producer and supplier of formwork used in all fields of the construction sector . it is a branch of the umdasch group ag based in amstetten , austria . the doka group has a worldwide workforce of more than 6,000 , with 160 branches in 70 countries . the consolidated revenues of the umdasch group ag amounted to 1215 million euros in 2015 .
kcc malls is a chain of shopping malls originated in koronadal city , south cotabato , philippines . it is owned by koronadal commercial corporation and their headquarters is situated in general santos city . kcc currently has 4 malls in operation in general santos city , koronadal city and zamboanga city .
red ribbon bakeshop , inc. is a philippine food company which maintains a fast-food and bakery chain under the trade name red ribbon .
the electrical guitar company of pensacola , florida , is a manufacturer of all-aluminium and aluminium-neck electric guitars . operated by machinist and luthier kevin burkett , it produces limited run and custom designed guitars for musicians predominantly in north america , europe and to a lesser extent , australasia and japan .
chrysler is an american luxury car brand and the longstanding premium marque of automaker fca us llc.before the 2014 creation of fiat chrysler automobiles by the merger of fiat s.p.a. and chrysler , fca us was known as chrysler group llc , named after its founder walter chrysler .
cyclomedia is a dutch company specialising in the large-scale and systematic visualisation of environments based on 360 panoramic photographs . using specialised technology , large public areas are photographed and stored in an online database . overlapping panoramic images are captured at 5-meter intervals from public roads at street level , with the camera system mounted on a moving car .
nathans famous , inc. is an american company that operates a chain of fast food restaurants specializing in hot dogs . the original nathans restaurant stands at the corner of surf and stillwell avenues in the coney island neighborhood of the brooklyn borough of new york city , new york . the companys headquarters are at one jericho plaza in jericho , new york , part of oyster bay , new york .
2d entertainment is an indian film production and distribution company established by suriya , son of actor sivakumar . key people involved are rajsekar pandian , suriyas younger brother karthi and wife jyothika . the company was named by the starting letter of suriyas children diya and dev . the company was established in 2013 .
mygene pty. ltd. was a privately held genetic testing services company located in melbourne , australia that owned and operated an accredited on-site laboratory . mygene specialised in the development of genetic tests and interpretive reports that assessed the genetic contribution of personal response to diet , also known as nutrigenetics .
dresser industries was a multinational corporation headquartered in dallas , texas , united states , which provided a wide range of technology , products , and services used for developing energy and natural resources .
audimas is the largest sportswear manufacturer and one of the market leaders in the development , design and manufacture of sports and active lifestyle apparel in the baltic states .
creo is an indian technology company based in bangalore that designs , develops and sells consumer electronics and is in the business of licensing operating systems . its hardware products include the streaming media dongle teewe and the smartphone mark 1 that operates on a proprietary android based operating system called fuel os that updates itself every month by building features from ideas and suggestions given by its community of users .
mother tongue publishing is a small independent canadian publishing company located on the west coast of british columbia . mother tongue publishes bold and beautiful books of b.c. fiction , poetry , creative non-fiction and the series , the unheralded artists of bc , dedicated to recognizing forgotten 20th century b.c. artists and opening a door to their artistic and historic significance .
brainscape is a web and mobile education platform that allows students to study adaptive flashcards . the website and mobile application allow students , teachers , and corporate trainers to create electronic flashcards , and to find flashcards created by other users and publishers around the world . flashcards are all stored in the cloud and can be shared with groups of other learners .
banco bilbao vizcaya argentaria , s.a. -LRB- spanish pronunciation : -LSB- bako ilao ikaa arxentaja -RSB- is a multinational spanish banking group . it was formed from a merger of banco bilbao vizcaya and argentaria in 1999 , and is the second largest bank in spain . the company is a constituent of the ibex 35 and euro stoxx 50 stock market index . in 2007 , the firm started an initiative to digitally transform the bank . following implementation , it saw a 19 % year-on-year increase in new customers .
dabur international is a wholly owned subsidiary of dabur india and is headquartered in dubai , uae . the company was formerly known as redrock ltd. and changed its name to dabur international ltd in september 2003 . the company is based in dubai , united arab emirates . as of september 20 , 2003 , dabur international ltd operates as a subsidiary of dabur india ltd.
crolla was a 1980s british high fashion brand and boutique founded by scott crolla and georgina godley in mayfairs dover street . always niche , it was influential for its juxtaposition of unusual and vintage fabrics and traditional tailoring . describing the brands signature at the time , scott crolla said : my clothes are for someone who disregards fashion but enjoys fabrics i would call it a calculated disregard for conventional taste .
yen press llc is an american manga and graphic novel publisher co-owned by kadokawa corporation and hachette book group . in addition to their regular book releases , yen press produces yen plus , a monthly manga anthology . the companys varied list demonstrates an interest in publishing a wide variety of japanese manga , korean manhwa , and other international content .
aftercollege is an online service that connects job-seeking college students and alumni with employers who want to hire them through faculty and career networks at colleges and universities in the u.s. the service uses a patented matching process to deliver jobs to job seekers , basing matches in part on a users academic affiliation and field of study .
quadrant was one of the earliest british motorcycle manufacturers , established in birmingham in 1901 . famous for their big singles , quadrant pioneered many innovations that proved important for motorcycle development but struggled after the first world war and the company was wound up in 1928 .
eunet is an internet brand in serbia . the brand is used by two separate companies : eunet doo , which owns the brand and yunet international doo , where eunet doo is dedicated to internet hosting and software development and yunet to internet connectivity services .
aceralia was a large spanish steel producer formed in 1997 by restructuring of a group formed from earlier mergers of the steel producers ensidesa and altos hornos de vizcaya . the company merged into arcelor in 2001 , and became part of arcelormittal in 2006 .
the limited was an american clothing company . it is now a brand , owned by the private equity firm sycamore partners .
teva canada is one of canadas largest generic pharmaceutical companies . the company was founded as novopharm by leslie dan in 1965 . after its acquisition by pharmaceutical giant teva pharmaceutical industries in 2000 , it was renamed teva novopharm . the novopharm name was dropped in 2010 , when it became teva canada .
basic pictures ltd. is a hong kong production company that was established in 2002 by filmmaker andrew lau . since its establishment , the company has gone to produce film that include the infernal affairs trilogy and other films in which lau serves as either the director or the producer .
cinepapaya is a startup based in peru that sells movie tickets online and through mobile devices . it also provides showtime information and movie related content . for cinemas it offers a turnkey e-commerce solutions including payment processing , ticket scanning and business analytics . for users , it is a single meeting point for reviewing showtimes , find information about actors , directors , films and buy tickets online .
smoothie king franchises , inc. is a privately held new orleans-area-based smoothie franchise company with more than 775 + units worldwide .
the duke university health system , combines the duke university school of medicine , the duke university school of nursing , the duke clinic , and the member hospitals into a system of research , clinical care , and education .
sumzero is an investment website for professional investors , and buyside professionals are granted membership per an application , where they must be on the research team at a hedge fund , mutual fund , private equity fund , or investment banking proprietary trading desk . sumzero is a closed , application-based community , which currently has over 16,000 buyside members and over 60,000 basic users .
kiwi is a discount store chain in partnership with norgesgruppen that has 650 retail outlets in norway , and 102 in denmark . the stores stock 3,700 articles contained within 3001,000 square meters of sales area . kiwi has about 8000 employees . in addition to premium brands it also carries the private label first price . in denmark , kiwi is a joint venture between norgesgruppen and dagrofa . in denmark kiwi primarily operates in jutland and funen . it has only two stores in other locations .
echigo tokimeki railway co. , ltd. . is a japanese third-sector railway operating company established in 2010 to operate passenger railway services on the sections of the jr east shinetsu main line and jr west hokuriku main line within niigata prefecture when they were separated from the respective jr group operators in march 2015 , coinciding with the opening of the hokuriku shinkansen extension from nagano to kanazawa .
teleradio-moldova is the state-owned national radio-tv broadcaster . it owns the tv channels moldova 1 and tvmi and the radio channels radio moldova and radio moldova internaional . trm was admitted as a full active member of the european broadcasting union on 1 january 1993 , under its former name radioteleviziunea nationala din moldova .
g.g. communications was a film distribution company based in boston , massachusetts . headed by city native nicholas w. russo , it was responsible for the u.s. releases of various foreign films aimed at children . g.g.s titles included the pippi longstocking live-action films , rolf kaukas once upon a time , and the 1975 anime feature based on hans christian andersens the little mermaid .
regal beloit corporation , usually referred to as regal , is a manufacturer of electric motors headquartered in beloit , wisconsin . the company has manufacturing , sales , and service facilities throughout the united states , canada , mexico , europe and asia , with over 23,000 employees . as of year 2014 , the company is ranked 713th on the fortune 1000 , and was the 17th largest corporation in wisconsin .
heart coffee roasters is a chain of three cafes and a coffee roasting company based in portland , oregon , in the united states . it was established in 2009 by wille and rebekah yli-luoma .
postbank uganda is a non-bank credit institution in uganda . its activities are supervised by the bank of uganda , the countrys central bank and national banking regulator .
velux is a danish manufacturing company that specializes in roof windows and skylights . the company is headquartered in hrsholm , denmark .
filmtack is a multinational window films company headquartered in singapore that distributes , develops and supports a wide range of products and services related to glass tinting . the filmtack group comprises three business divisions/companies and was first founded by poon t k in 1980 . the group subsidiary , filmtack pte ltd is a recipient of the e50.startup award in 2006 organized by accenture , the business times and economic development board of singapore .
qatar development bank , previously known as qatar industrial development bank , is a bank in qatar offering financial services , banking and loans to the development of the industrial , tourism , educational , health care , agricultural , animal resources and fisheries sectors of the qatari economy . it was created in 1997 by emiri decree no. 14 with the objective of diversifying qatars economy by promoting developmental projects .
autumn moon entertainment is an independent computer game developer founded in 2002 by bill tiller . the company specializes in traditional graphic adventure games in the style of the lucasarts classics , particularly the curse of monkey island , on which tiller served as the lead background artist .
dog eat dog films is film director michael moores production company . dog eat dog films has produced films , television programs , and dvds . moore founded dog eat dog films in 1989 .
quality distribution , inc. is a tampa , florida-based trucking and chemical transportation business . on august 18 , 2015 , quality completed its previously announced merger agreement with funds advised by apax partners llp on may 6 , 2015 .
yemenia is the flag carrier airline of yemen , based in sanaa . it operates scheduled domestic and international passenger flights to destinations in africa and the middle east , as well as to asia and europe out of its hubs at sanaa international airport , and to a lesser extent aden international airport . yemenia is a member of the arab air carriers organization .
biltema is a swedish chain of retail stores , specialising in tools , car supplies and leisure products . founded in 1963 in linkping , sweden , biltema also has stores in finland , norway and denmark . the company is owned privately by founder sten ke lindholm , through dutch company biltema bv .
raymond group is an indian branded fabric and fashion retailer , incorporated in 1925 . it produces suiting fabric , with a capacity of producing 31 million meters of wool and wool-blended fabrics . gautam singhania is the chairman and managing director of the raymond group . the group owns apparel brands like raymond , raymond premium apparel , park avenue , park avenue woman colorplus & parx .
credit suisse group ag is a swiss multinational investment bank and financial services company founded and based in switzerland . headquartered in zrich , it maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world . as the second largest bank in switzerland , it is considered a bulge bracket bank providing services in investment banking , private banking , asset management , and shared services . credit suisse is known for its strict bankclient confidentiality and banking secrecy practices .
dynetics is an american private , applied science , and information technology company headquartered in huntsville , alabama . its primary customers are the united states department of defense , the united states intelligence community , and national aeronautics and space administration .
scanline vfx is a visual effects company with offices in los angeles , vancouver and munich . the company is known for its proprietary , in-house fluid effects software flowline , which is used in various fluid effects like water and fire . scanline was sole developer for flowline , for which it received a 2008 scientific and technical achievement academy award .
192 . com limited is a british company that publishes an online directory as well as information contained within the public domain for the uk , based in london . the company provides online directory enquiries and competes with bt , google local , yelp and the yell group or the directory enquiry market . it is the market leader dq for finding people .192 . com contains circa 700 million residential and business records .
norske skog union was a paper mill located in skien in norway . the mill was part of the norske skog corporation and opened in 1873 with the name union co. the mill had two paper machines that produced 240,000 tonnes of newsprint and book paper . it was closed down in 2006 .
the worship network , or worship , is a broadcast television service that provides alternative christian worship-themed programming 24 hours a day , seven days a week . the network is based in nashville , tennessee , in the united states , and is available in more than 50 countries . it is owned by christian network , inc.
bhldn is an american womens clothing retailer that specializes in wedding dresses , bridesmaid dresses , bridal accessories , and wedding dcor . headquartered in philadelphia , pennsylvania , bhldn is owned by urban outfitters and is a sister brand to anthropologie .
numenta is a machine intelligence company that has developed a cohesive theory , core software , technology and applications based on the principles of the neocortex . the company was founded on february 4 , 2005 by palm founder jeff hawkins with his longtime business partner donna dubinsky and stanford graduate student dileep george . numenta is headquartered in redwood city , california and is privately funded .
eastlink is a canadian cable television and telecommunications company . the privately held company was founded by the bragg family , through the amalgamation of several telecommunications companies in 1969 .
shimadzu corporation is a japanese public kk company , manufacturing precision instruments , measuring instruments and medical equipment , based in kyoto , japan . it was established in 1875 . the american arm of the company , shimadzu scientific instruments , was founded in 1975 .
island cruises was the brand name of a cruise line operated by sunshine cruises limited , founded as a joint venture between royal caribbean cruises ltd. and first choice travel plc. first choice were later acquired by tui travel plc. in 2008 , royal caribbean sold its stake in the company to tui , and the cruise lines only fully owned ship , the island escape , was transferred to tuis thomson cruises but retained its island cruises branding .
the cotton corporation of india limited or cci is a government of india agency , engaged in diverse activities related to trade , procurement , and export of cotton . cci is a public sector agency responsible for equitable distribution of cotton among the different constituents of the industry and aid imports of cotton . it was incorporated on july 31 , 1970 under the companies act 1956 . cci is governed by textile policy 1985 issued by the ministry of textiles , government of india .
student association of the norwegian school of economics or nhhs is the student union of the norwegian school of economics in bergen , norway . all students at the school are members of nhhs , which is divided into 28 groups with another 37 associated groups . the student union is among the most active in the country , and also among the wealthiest .
american public media group , formerly the minnesota communications group , is the non-profit parent organization of minnesota public radio , american public media , southern california public radio , and the fitzgerald theater . jon mctaggart is apmgs president and ceo .
brooks brothers is the oldest mens clothier in the united states and is headquartered on madison avenue in manhattan , new york city . founded in 1818 as a family business , the privately owned company is owned by the italian billionaire claudio del vecchio . brooks brothers recently released a line of clothing catering to asian clientele . the brand also produces clothing for women , and zac posen has been its creative director since june 2014 .
sitronics is a microelectronics company based in moscow , russia and controlled by sistema holding , that also manufactures mobile phones . its main assets are the electronics fabs , research and development facilities niime and mikron in zelenograd , and other facilities elsewhere in eastern europe .
see also rail transport in moroccooncf is moroccos national railway operator . oncf is a state-owned company that is under the control of the ministry of equipment , transport and logistics and is responsible for all passenger and freight traffic on the national railway network . the company is also responsible for building and maintaining the rail infrastructure .
the romanian radio broadcasting company , informally referred to as radio romania , is the public radio broadcaster in romania . it operates fm and am , and internet national and local radio channels . the local stations are branded under the radio romnia regional umbrella .
grammatech is a software-development tools vendor based in ithaca , new york . the company was founded in 1988 as a technology spin-off of cornell university . they now develop codesonar , a static analysis tool for source code and binaries , and perform cyber-security research .
appenzell railways is a swiss railway company with headquarters in herisau . it operates a network of railways in the cantons of appenzell innerrhoden , appenzell ausserrhoden and st. gallen .
zastava arms is a serbian manufacturer of firearms and artillery , based in kragujevac , serbia . it was founded in 1853 when it cast its first cannons . it is the leading producer of firearms in serbia and is a large contributor to the local defense industry . zastava arms produces and exports a wide variety of products to over forty countries , including the popular zastava m70 , a kalashnikov rifle .
yonyou is a software company headquartered in beijing , china . established in 1988 , its principal products are accounting software and erp software . yonyou has around 60 branches in mainland china and overseas branches in japan , hong kong and thailand .
swappa is an e-commerce company developed and founded in 2010 for the facilitation of sales of new and gently used mobile devices such as cell phones , tablets , wearable technology , and later expanding to laptops , smart home technology , and gaming products . swappas primary function is to serve as an alternative to other internet based marketplaces such as craigslist and ebay .
minsur is a peru-based mining company engaged in the extraction , foundation and refining of tin and copper . it is also involved in the exploration for new minerals deposits , with a focus on gold , silver , lead , and zinc ores . the company operates within five areas : mining , maintenance , security and environment , geology and planning and engineering . minsur distributes its products to europe , south america , the united states and canada .
phmg is a provider of audio branding services , with major offices in manchester , england and chicago . it provides audio branding , music on hold and on-hold marketing to more than 32,000 clients in 39 countries worldwide , including coca-cola , adidas and audi . founded in 1998 as pleaseholduk in chester , england , the company experienced rapid growth in its early years , reaching 250 clients and moving to manchester in 2000 .
raiffeisen bank international a.g. is an austrian banking group , itself is a central institution of the raiffeisen banking group austria . the central bank is a listed company , with the regional banks of rbg were the major shareholder of the central bank , via a shareholders agreement . raiffeisen bank international was a subsidiary of raiffeisen zentralbank sterreich . in 2017 , raiffeisen bank international reverse merger with its parent company raiffeisen zentralbank .
heartland publications was a connecticut-based owner of small to medium market newspapers , and started out by acquiring 24 publications from community newspaper holdings , inc. located in georgia , kentucky , north carolina , ohio , oklahoma , tennessee , and west virginia . they acquired 5 additional publications from mid-south management co. , inc. in 2005 and 2007 , located in south carolina , north carolina , georgia , virginia , and west virginia .
rock or stone is a natural substance , a solid aggregate of one or more minerals or mineraloids . for example , granite , a common rock , is a combination of the minerals quartz , feldspar and biotite . the earths outer solid layer , the lithosphere , is made of rock . rock has been used by humankind throughout history . the minerals and metals in rocks have been essential to human civilization . three major groups of rocks are defined : igneous , sedimentary , and metamorphic .
ahold czech republic , a. s. is a division of the netherlands-based ahold delhaize group , operating in the czech republic . the company entered the market in 1990 as euronova a. s. ahold czech republic is responsible for running the supermarket chain albert , with about 330 locations .
rubin or rubins is both a surname and a given name .
pac-west telecomm , inc. is a privately owned wholesale telecommunications carrier headquartered in oakland , california , united states . founded in 1980 , the company is one of the few wholesale-focused competitive local exchange carriers in the united states and provides origination services to thirty-one states , with service areas on the west coast , texas , and in the northeast . on march 28 , 2013 , pac-west submitted its filing in the u.s. bankruptcy court in the western district of texas .
co-op insurance , formerly the co-operative insurance society , is a general insurance company based in manchester , united kingdom . it is a wholly owned subsidiary of the co-operative group , which also has businesses within the food , travel , electrical , funeralcare and legal services sectors .
avions amiot was a former french aircraft manufacturer . the company was formed in 1916 by flix amiot as the society of mechanical drawing and construction .
ness technologies is an israel-based provider of it services .
ga general automation was an american company , founded in 1968 by larry goshorn , which manufactured minicomputers and industrial contollers .
metric systems corporation is an american company that develops , manufactures and sells wireless networking equipment and systems . based in vista , california , msc focuses on white spaces and other equipment and systems for the commercial , industrial , and government market place .
romstal is the biggest sanitaryware distributor in romania and one of the largest in eastern europe with 198 stores located in romania , ukraine , serbia , moldova , russia , bulgaria and italy . the company also provides electrical and insulation materials . in 2007 the company acquired the serbian sanitation equipment retailer doming for an estimated 10 million .
autoexpreso is an electronic toll collection system used on tollways in puerto rico . the system uses passive transponders where payment status is indicated by a light at the toll plazas . autoexpreso transponders can be replenished at all puma and select total stations in puerto rico or at designated replenishment lanes at select toll plazas .
inlab software gmbh is an independent software vendor located in grnwald , germany . it develops and markets load balancing software , networking system software , and programming languages . inlabs main product is a software tcp/ip load balancer for linux and solaris operating systems . balanceng is used at many international commercial and academic customer sites . it operates behind the scenes in several hardware appliances from oem partners .
amc airlines is a charter airline based in cairo , egypt . it operates charter flights from egypts tourist destinations to europe , regular charters to the middle east as well as domestic flights . the airline also operates ad hoc vip flights and military transport . its main base is cairo international airport , with hubs at hurghada international airport , sharm el-sheikh international airport and luxor international airport .
metlife , inc. is the holding corporation for the metropolitan life insurance company , better known as metlife , and its affiliates . metlife is among the largest global providers of insurance , annuities , and employee benefit programs , with 90 million customers in over 60 countries .
cinedigm is a north american entertainment company , headquartered in los angeles , california . cinedigm is engaged in digital cinema , software , and content marketing and distribution .
mitr phol group is thailands and asias biggest sugar and bio-energy producer . mitr phol sugar corp is a privately owned group of companies , mainly owned by the vongkusolkit family . as of 2014 , mitr phol is ranked as the worlds fourth largest sugar producer , and the largest producer in asia . it is thailands largest sugar producer and the second largest in china through its joint venture company east asia sugar .
faves was a social bookmarking and networking software that installs a single browser button for users to fave a webpage , making a link to the page part of their faves profile . until october 2007 , faves was called blue dot . as of january 2012 , the service has migrated to fave.net , and later on migrated to maxiconnect.com and is no longer active on faves.com which says faves is evolving to social couponing .
quantcast is an american technology company , founded in 2006 , that specializes in audience measurement and real-time advertising . the company offers public access to traffic and demographic data for millions of web sites and detailed user insights to digital publishers . in 2013 , the company claimed that it produced accurate audience measurement to over 100 million web destinations . the company is headquartered in san francisco .
incorporated television company was a british company involved in production and distribution of television programs .
mca inc. was an american media company . initially starting in the music business , the company next became a dominant force in the film business , and later expanded into the television business . mca published music , booked acts , ran a record company , represented film , television and radio stars , and eventually produced and sold television programs to the three major television networks , but had an especially good relationship with nbc .
sproing interactive media , is an austrian video game developer . it was founded in 2001 by harald riegler and gerhard seiler . riegler and seiler have owned and managed the company up to the present . the company has its headquarters in vienna , austria . sproing has published over 50 titles of varying scope . the company produces games for different platforms such as wii , xbox 360 , playstation 3 , pc , playstation 2 , xbox , nintendo ds , playstation and game boy advance .
unicom global is a us-based it company , headquartered in mission hills , california . it is the parent company of the formerly nasdaq-listed unicom government , inc. , whom it acquired in june 2012 . it is also the parent company of usrobotics , macro 4 and firetide . it has acquired a number of products from ibm system architect , focal point , purifyplus , soliddb and the powerhouse programming language .
deimos imaging is a spanish company which operates a complete remote sensing system . the system comprises the satellites deimos-1 and deimos-2 , the ground stations at boecillo near valladolid and puertollano near ciudad real , the reception hardware hosted at ksat , svalbard , and inuvik and kiruna at ssc and an image processing laboratory with generation of agricultural and environment products also at boecillo .
behestan darou is a private joint stock pharmaceutical company based in tehran , iran . founded in 2001 , the company is currently one of the largest importers of finished pharmaceutical products in terms of sales and number of products imported . formed subsequent to the ministry of health decision to privatize the iranian pharmaceutical sector , the company imports and markets more than 300 generic and patented pharmaceuticals from a number of international pharmaceutical manufacturers .
thruster air services is a british aircraft manufacturer based in langworth , lincolnshire . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of ultralight aircraft in the form of ready-to-fly aircraft for the fdration aronautique internationale microlight category .
e2open is a provider of cloud-based , on-demand software for supply chains . the company was founded in 2000 . e2open offers its products across a variety of industries , including high technology , industrial manufacturing , telecommunications , life sciences , oil and gas , consumer electronics , aerospace and defense , and consumer goods .
topps comics was a division of topps company , inc. that published comic books from 1993 to 1998 , beginning its existence during a short comics-industry boom that attracted many investors and new companies . it was based in new york city , at 254 36th street , brooklyn , and at one whitehall street , in manhattan .
union securities corporation was an independent investment banking firm in existence from 1938 through its acquisition in 1956 although the name would survive through 1972 . union securities was created in 1938 as a spinoff of the investment banking operations of j. & w. seligman & co. as a result of the glass-steagall act . in 1956 , the firm merged with eastman dillon & co.
nippon yusen kabushiki kaisha is one of the oldest and largest shipping companies in the world . it is a member of the mitsubishi keiretsu . the company has its headquarters in chiyoda , tokyo , japan and a fleet of about 800 ships , that includes container ships , tankers , bulk and woodchip carriers , ro-ro car carriers , reefer vessels , lng carrier and cruise ships .
data dynamics , ltd. a software development company that creates software components for application developers using microsoft visual studio and the . net platform . the companys primary product focus is on data analysis and information reporting . the company was founded in 1996 in columbus ohio by american immigrants .
quails gate winery is a canadian winery located on the shore of okanagan lake in westbank , british columbia . situated in the heart of british columbias okanagan valley , quails gate produces over 50,000 cases of wine per year . the entire portfolio of quails gate wines are best known for their family reserve pinot noir and chardonnay . quails gates wineshop and old vines restaurant are open daily , year round to the public .
bbc chartering gmbh , owned by the briese schiffahrt group , is an international shipping company based in leer , germany . with over 150 vessels in their fleet , bbc chartering is the largest multipurpose , heavy lift and project shipping company in the world . bbc chartering concentrates on specialized marine transport .
izettle is a financial technology company for small businesses . jacob de geer and magnus nilsson founded the company in april 2010 and launched its first app and service in 2011 with the vision to simplify and democratize payments . izettle offers a range of financial products for small businesses including payments , point of sales , funding and partners applications .
bluedrop performance learning is an e-learning company based in st. johns , newfoundland and labrador , canada . the company , founded in 1992 by president and ceo emad rizkalla , provides custom courseware and learning solutions for defence and aerospace , healthcare , small businesses and governments . bluedrop performance learning has offices in halifax , fredericton , ottawa and vancouver .
mediacom is a cable television and communications provider in the united states . founded in 1995 by rocco b. commisso , it serves primarily smaller markets in the midwest and southern united states . formerly a publicly traded firm , it went private in a $ 600 million transaction in march 2011 and is , as of 2011 , owned by commisso .
alice james books is an american non-profit poetry press located in farmington , maine and affiliated with the university of maine at farmington .
the american candy company is a confectioner specializing in old-fashioned hard candies .
micropolix is a privately held spanish family entertainment center company currently operating in san sebastian de los reyes , madrid , allowing children to work in adult jobs and earn currency . micropolix has received more than 2.5 million guests since its opening , making it the most well known edutainment brand in spain .
the biograph company , also known as the american mutoscope and biograph company , was a motion picture company founded in 1895 and active until 1916 . it was the first company in the united states devoted entirely to film production and exhibition , and for two decades was one of the most prolific , releasing over 3000 short films and 12 feature films .
spancrete is an american manufacturer of precast concrete products and machinery . spancrete produces precast , prestressed concrete products that are used in commercial , industrial , institutional , residential and multifamily construction projects in the midwest and southeast . the company also manufactures and sells hollowcore extrusion machines that are used to produce precast concrete internationally .
egg is a former british internet bank headquartered in derby , that is now a trading name of yorkshire building society . egg was born out of the banking arm in the united kingdom of prudential plc , prudential banking plc , which was established in 1996 , and the egg brand was launched in october 1998 . the first online credit card was launched in september 1999 . it was only possible to operate an egg account over the internet , or via their call centre .
k.g. murray publishing company , is an australian publisher primarily known for its publication of dc reprint comics . established in 1936 in sydney , australia by ken k.g. murray , the company was a family-owned and run business until its sale to australian consolidated press in 1973 .
transvolution is a privately owned logistics and rail transport business in australia . transvolution is an accredited rail transport operator in victoria , new south wales and south australia .
rpm mortgage is an independently owned and operated mortgage lender and broker based in alamo , california whose roots in the bay area stem back to 1986 . rpm mortgage is owned by rob and tracey hirt . the company has over 70 branches in arizona , california , colorado , nevada , oregon , and washington with over 800 loan agents and employees . in 2015 , they were fined $ 20 million for illegally steering consumers to costlier mortgages .
hubbell incorporated designs , manufactures and sells electrical and electronic products for non-residential and residential construction , industrial and utility applications . hubbell was founded by harvey hubbell as a proprietorship in 1888 , and was incorporated in connecticut in 1905 . the companys reporting segments consist of the electrical segment and the power segment .
menard inc. is a chain of home improvement centers , located primarily in the midwestern united states . the privately held company , headquartered in eau claire , wisconsin , has approximately 300 stores in 14 states : ohio , michigan , indiana , illinois , wisconsin , minnesota , iowa , missouri , nebraska , kansas , south dakota , north dakota , wyoming , and kentucky . it is the third largest home improvement chain in the united states , behind the home depot and lowes .
chaparral boats was founded in 1965 by william buck pegg in ft. lauderdale , florida the companys bellwether boat at the time was the 15 tri-hull with a sticker price of $ 675 . although the tri-hull was discontinued in the early 80s many remain in commission today .
cnh global nv was the holding company for the italian public multinational manufacturer of agricultural and construction equipment , established on november 12 , 1999 , through the merger of case and new holland . effective 29 september 2013 , cnh global n.v. and fiat industrial s.p.a. were merged into cnh industrial n.v.cnhs scope included integrated engineering , manufacturing , marketing and distribution of equipment on five continents .
first national bank omaha is a subsidiary of first national of nebraska . it is recognized as the largest privately held bank in the united states with $ 17 billion in assets and 5,000 employees . the banks history is credited for paralleling that of the city of omaha and the state of nebraska .
bradley pharmaceuticals was a pharmaceutical company headquartered in fairfield township , essex county , new jersey . the company was founded in 1985 by daniel glassman who was also its ceo.the company marketed to niche physician specialties in the u.s. and 38 international markets .
university finance lab is a consultancy based in the united states , that assists colleges and universities with their in-house , trading rooms and finance labs . it is a complete directory of university-based finance labs , while offering research on the performance and need for such rooms at business schools across north america .
ananda group is a bangladeshi business conglomerate . the first ananda company was established in 1983 as the ananda builders . the diverse business areas of the group include ship building , heavy engineering , textiles , real estate and shipping . the most well-known concern under the group is ananda shipyard & slipways limited . it is the largest of the private ship yards in bangladesh .
garduos is a mexican and new mexican cuisine restaurant chain from the city of albuquerque , new mexico . they have locations in albuquerque , las cruces , santa fe , and the las vegas valley .
mercian cycles is an english custom bicycle manufacturer based in derby , derbyshire . mercian was founded by tom crowther and lou barker in 1946 and named after the ancient kingdom of mercia . early frames built by mercian were known as crowbars , a pun on the surnames of crowther and barker . mercian cycles operates a retail shop in alvaston . current production is around 300 to 400 frames per year , with 20 % being exported outside the united kingdom .
the deves insurance public company limited is a thai insurance company based in bangkok at ratchadamnoen klang road . the company is one of the leading insurance companies in the country . it received the royal warrant from the king of thailand . the garuda statue at the top of headquarters symbolizes that privilege . it is owned by the crown property bureau .
celebrity cruises is a premium cruise line which was founded in 1988 by the greece-based chandris group . in 1997 , celebrity cruises ltd. merged with royal caribbean international to become royal caribbean cruises ltd. , which operates celebrity , royal caribbean international , azamara club cruises , pullmantur cruises and cdf croisires de france . the signature displayed on the funnel of celebrity ships is the greek letter chi , for chandris . the company has its headquarters in miami , florida .
zee media corporation limited , better known as zee media , is an indian news media company publicly listed on the bombay stock exchange and national stock exchange . it owns 10 news channels across 6 languages with a viewership of 190 million . its flagship news channel includes national news channel zee news and newspaper daily news and analysis . its digital properties include content and domain of news portals zeenews.com and dailynewsandanalysis.com .
parallax studio is an american animation studio based in nixa , missouri , created by j. allen williams . apart from their local work , parallax studio is most known for the production of the science fiction computer game darkstar : the interactive movie starring the original cast of mystery science theater 3000 , clive robertson , designs by comic artist richard corben , and was the last released work of actor peter graves .
kcb bank kenya limited is a financial services provider headquartered in nairobi , kenya . it is licensed as a commercial bank , by the central bank of kenya , the national banking regulator . the bank has also been running agency banking model .
suja juice is an organic , non-gmo , cold-pressed juice company based in san diego , california . suja produces cold-pressed juices , waters and drinking vinegars . it is the largest independent producer of cold-pressed juice sold in the united states .
creative commercials is an indian film production company established by k. s. rama rao .
karelia software , or karelia is a software company with a headquarters in alameda , california that claims to pioneer the desktop web application market . it was founded by dan wood and later joined by terrence talbot . the company derives its name from the karelia suite of classical music by jean sibelius . the name can also refer to karelia , a historical province in eastern finland .
unipolsai assicurazioni s.p.a. is an italian financial services company based in bologna and founded in 2014 . it was part of unipol group .
flavor unit entertainment is an american entertainment company originally launched in jersey city , new jersey , but is now based in miami , florida , united states . the company was founded by queen latifah and shakim compere in 1995 . the company produces films and television shows . in february 2013 , netflix signed an exclusive multi-year licensing deal with flavor unit entertainment .
livingston s.p.a. was an italian airline with its head office in cardano al campo , varese , italy . it operated scheduled and charter services connecting major italian cities to holiday destinations in the caribbean , central america and south america , the indian ocean , africa , the mediterranean and the middle east . its main base was malpensa international airport , milan .
iqinvision is a manufacturer of network cameras , ip cameras , and network video recording systems . the company was founded in 1998 . the company is headquartered in san juan capistrano , california , and it has offices in lancaster , pennsylvania and utrecht , netherlands . iqinvision brands its cameras under the term iqeye and the cameras it produces can act as stand-alone surveillance systems or integrate with other systems via an api or software developers kit for full-custom applications .
tapestry , inc. is an american multinational luxury fashion company based in new york city . tapestry , inc. owns three major brands : coach new york , kate spade new york , and stuart weitzman .
the chelsea cobbler is a british shoe brand that was established in the 1960s in chelsea . originally a high-fashion brand creating bespoke shoes , it was regularly featured in catwalk shows and the fashion press throughout the 1970s , when it also had a retail presence in new york city . it was twice chosen as part of the dress of the year ensemble displayed at the fashion museum , bath . later the brand was absorbed into larger fashion companies .
boston micromachines corporation is a us company operating out of cambridge , massachusetts . boston micromachines manufactures and develops instruments based on mems technology to perform open and closed-loop adaptive optics . the technology is applied in astronomy , beam shaping , vision science , retinal imaging , microscopy , laser communications , and national defense .
synack is an american technology company based in redwood city , california . synacks business includes a vulnerability intelligence platform that automates the discovery of exploitable vulnerabilities for reconnaissance and turns them over to the companys freelance hackers to create vulnerability reports for clients .
bruno gmnder verlag is a german company and a book publishing house which specializes in lgbt fiction and non-fiction books as well as photo and art books for the gay community .
competitor group , inc. is a privately held , for-profit , sports marketing and management company based in mira mesa , san diego , california . the company owns and operates over 40 large scale running , cycling , and triathlon events of which includes the rock n roll marathon series . additionally , the company produces four publications , competitor magazine triathlete magazine velonews and womens running that have a collective circulation of over 700,000 .
seatguru.com is a website that features aircraft seat maps , seat reviews , and a color-coded system to identify superior and substandard airline seats . it also features information about in-flight amenities and airline specific information regarding check-in , baggage , unaccompanied minors and traveling with infants and pets .
bangladesh rural electrification board or breb , is government owned and operated corporation in dhaka , bangladesh and is responsible for rural electrification . it is major power distribution company in bangladesh . major general moin uddin is the present chairman of the board .
cinema center films was the theatrical film production company of the cbs television network from 1967 to 1972 . its films were distributed by national general pictures . the production unit was located at the republic pictures lot , hollywood and produced 30 films .
fawcett comics , a division of fawcett publications , was one of several successful comic book publishers during the golden age of comic books in the 1940s .
globoforce is a multinational company co-headquartered in framingham , massachusetts and dublin , providing cloud-based , human capital management software solutions . its social recognition solutions are designed for employees to recognize and reward each other as incentive for performance and behaviors that are mapped to company values . some of globoforces customers include symantec , intuit , jetblue , cisco and intercontinental hotels group .
mbc plus is a south korean company under mbc , producing media , broadcast and telecommunication products for non free-to-air networks , including skylife and cable tv service providers . corporate slogan is lets plus ! .
gdask shipyard is a large polish shipyard , located in the city of gdask . the yard gained international fame when solidarity was founded there in september 1980 . it is situated on the left side of martwa wisa and on ostrw island .
endy sleep is a privately held , canadian-based , e-commerce company that sells mattresses online . in june , 2016 , endy sleep received the techweek100 top innovators award . endy sleep launched in 2015 by mike gettis and investor rajen ruparell . with its headquarters and showroom in toronto , the mattresses are manufactured in canada . endy sleep is canadas largest direct online-only mattress store .
pfister , formerly called price pfister until 2010 , is a manufacturer of bathroom and lavatory faucets , shower systems , showerheads , and accessories and kitchen faucets and other plumbing fixtures . emil price and william pfister founded the company in 1910 . today , price pfister is owned by spectrum brands holdings incorporated hardware and home improvement group .
garfinckels was a prominent department store chain based in washington , d.c. that catered to a clientele of wealthy consumers . it filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy in june 1990 and ceased operations that year .
secora is norwegian government enterprise created in 2005 to perform construction work on water transport infrastructure , both sea lanes and ports . the company was originally part of kystverket , that is responsible for water transport infrastructure . secora is based in svolvr and has 90 employees .
levi9 ukraine is a ukrainian division of levi9 global sourcing located in kiev , ukraine . the company is a nearshore provider of custom software development , application maintenance and qa services with primary focus on enterprise application development , document management systems , business automation and mobile solutions . the company was formed as a result of merger between parent company levi9 global sourcing and a ukrainian-based mirasoft group .
premama , inc. is a producer of prenatal vitamin drink mixes , based in providence , rhode island .
i kathimerini is a daily morning newspaper published in athens . its first edition was printed on september 15 , 1919 . it is published in the greek language , as well as in an abridged english-language edition . the english edition is sold separately in the united states and as a supplement to the international edition of the new york times in greece and cyprus .
edition peters is a classical music publisher founded in leipzig , germany in 1800 .
hargray communications is a telecommunications provider based on hilton head island , south carolina . it operates throughout the lowcountry region of south carolina and the savannah region of georgia . hargray offers cable television , broadband internet , and landline services . hargray formerly resold cellular phone service through cricket .
peter beier chokolade , usually referred to as peter beier , is a danish premium chocolate manufacturing and retailing company founded by linda and peter beier in 1996 . it is based at the rsholt estate outside helsingr .
not of this world is a christian based apparel company that caters to younger christians .
longs drugs is an american chain with approximately 40 drugstores throughout the state of hawaii . before being acquired by cvs health in 2008 , it was a chain of over 500 stores , located primarily on the west coast of the united states . besides hawaii , it had stores located in california , nevada , arizona , alaska , colorado , oregon , and washington , and was headquartered in walnut creek , california .
darxabre was a dutch video game developer led by the dutch/canadian jason garber . the company was founded in 2001 and had a sales office in amsterdam and a development studio in berlin . the company gained worldwide fame in 2001 with the controversial game hooligans : storm over europe , a strategy game with the objective to become the most popular group of soccer hooligans in europe .
kudu is a large fast food chain in saudi arabia . kudu was established in 1988 and has over 316 branches in all over saudi arabia with more than 5,000 employees from different nations . it is also available in bahrain . the first branch opened in riyadh on 16 april 1988 on 30th street . kudu serves burgers and sandwiches , which are popular with saudis , but its specialty is sandwiches .
vitusapotek is a chain of 200 pharmacies in norway owned and run by norsk medisinaldepot , a subsidiary of the german company celesio ag . the chain is based in oslo , and is the second largest in norway , after apotek1.the chain was established in 2001 after the deregulation of the pharmacy market in norway . the sister company ditt apotek is a franchise chain for independent pharmacies .
aberdeen journals ltd. is a newspaper publisher based in aberdeen , scotland . the company publishes the press and journal , the evening express , the aberdeen citizen and scot-ads newspapers . it was owned by northcliffe newspapers group , which is owned by daily mail & general trust from 1995 until 2006 , when aberdeen journals was sold to dundee based d. c. thomson & co. ltd. aberdeen journals is owned by dc thomson & co ltd.
roberts radio is a consumer electronics limited company based in mexborough , south yorkshire , england . it has been producing radios for over 80 years . initially , the company only traded in the united kingdom , but now exports worldwide . the company was initially based in central london , near oxford circus and then at rathbone place , but moved to east molesey in 1941 . in 1962 , the company had a purpose built factory constructed in west molesey .
npo mashinostroyeniya is a rocket design bureau based in reutov , russia . during the cold war it was responsible for several major weapons systems , including the ur-100n intercontinental ballistic missile and the military almaz space station program . india is mashinostroyeniyas second largest customer after the russian federation for sale of p-70 ametist , brahmos , brahmos-ii and p-800 oniks .
shenzhen overseas chinese town company limited known as oct limited is a publicly traded company based in shenzhen , china . it is a subsidiary of state-owned overseas chinese town enterprises . oct limited was incorporated in 1997 . oct limited was ranked 1,164 th in 2016 forbes global 2000 list . oct limited is a constituent of szse 100 index and pan-china index csi 300 index .
widmer brothers is a brewery founded in 1984 in portland , oregon , usa , by brothers kurt r. and robert p. widmer . it is part of the craft brew alliance , inc. , the 9th largest brewing company in the united states .
banca carige s.p.a. is the largest bank in liguria and one of the main banks in italy . it was founded in 1483 in genoa . the banks main shareholder was fondazione carige .
the bc games society is a provincial crown corporation in british columbia created in 1977 . the organization is the governing body responsible for the bc summer games and bc winter games , and manages the team bc program at the canada games .
banque de lunion hatienne , s.a. better known as buh is a full service bank operating in haiti . founded in 1973 , the first haitian private bank . clifford brandt had the idea to create a financial company with a full haitian ownership in a sector largely composed of foreign banks . following a major recapitalization , a new board of directors was unanimously elected at the general meeting of shareholders on june 20 , 2013 .
victoria was a bicycle manufacturer in nrnberg , germany that made motorcycles from about 1901 until 1966 . it should not be confused with a lesser-known , unrelated victoria motorcycle company in glasgow , scotland that made motorcycles between 1902 and 1928 . in its early decades victoria in nrnberg fitted proprietary engines purchased from various manufacturers including fafnir , fn , minerva and zdel .
magnasound was an indian record company that specialized in indian classical music , indian rock and indipop . it was distributed by omi music inc. shashi gopal was the managing director of magnasound .
lafargeholcim is a leading manufacturer of building materials , with a presence in around 80 countries and 81,000 employees . it was formed by the merger on 10 july 2015 of cement companies lafarge and holcim , which had combined net sales of chf 26 billion in 2017 .
tsinghua holdings corp. , ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of tsinghua university , itself a public university of china . the company was established as an in-house asset management company for tsinghuas subsidiaries that were established in 1990s by the technology transfer of research to business .
steelcase is a united states-based furniture company founded in 1912 in grand rapids , michigan . the company produces office furniture , architectural and technology products for office environments and the education , health care and retail industries . it is the largest office furniture manufacturer in the world . it has facilities , offices , and factories in the americas , europe , asia , the middle east , australia and africa .
supr is an australian fast fashion womens wear chain owned by the cotton on group . known for fashion items and basics at an affordable price point , the supr product offering is aimed at the youth market . with over 133 stores in australia , new zealand and south africa also have stores . supr general manager elle roseby is the former ceo of australian retailer sportsgirl .
advent : publishers is an american publishing house . it was founded by earl kemp and other members of the university of chicago science fiction club , including sidney coleman , in 1955 , to publish criticism , history , and bibliography of the science fiction field , beginning with damon knights in search of wonder . with books like in search of wonder and james blishs the issue at hand , advent became the genres first scholarly publisher .
primetals technologies limited , is an engineering and plant construction company for clients in the metals industry , both the ferrous and the nonferrous metals sector . the firm , based in london , is a joint venture established in 2015 by bringing together siemens vai metals technologies and japans mitsubishi hitachi metals machinery -LRB- .
nissin electric co. , ltd. is a japanese , kyoto-based electrical equipment company . the company is a member of the sumitomo group and a partner of sumitomo electric industries . as of 2015 , nissin electric has 24 subsidiaries located in japan , china , taiwan , korea , thailand , vietnam , india , u.s.a. and spain .
abcorp is an american corporation and world leader providing secure payment , retail and id cards , vital record and transaction documents , systems and services to governments and financial institutions - and is one of the largest producers of plastic transaction cards in the world . abcorp has offices and manufacturing facilities in the united states , canada , australia , new zealand , china , germany , dubai and south africa .
popular power was a company founded in january 2000 that sold distributed computing software for cpu scavenging . the company was led by marc hedlund , ceo , and nelson minar , cto.the popular power worker software was a downloadable java-based application that internet users could install onto their computers . it allowed users computers to participate in a non-profit project to develop an influenza vaccine .
joseph fahys was one of the first u.s. watch case manufacturers . after emigrating from france , he went on to establish joseph fahys & co. , which at one time was the largest manufacturer of watch cases and one of the largest manufacturers of silverware in the united states . he was also the founder and first president of the jewelers board of trade , and the first president of the watchcase manufacturers association .
project enterprise is a microfinance nonprofit organization in new york city providing entrepreneurs from underserved areas with loans , business training and networking opportunities . operating on the grameen bank model of microlending , project enterprise has served more than 2,500 entrepreneurs in new york city , and provides microloans from $ 1,500 to $ 12,000 .
sn systems is a provider of windows based development tools for games consoles , including the playstation 4 , playstation 3 , playstation 2 , playstation , playstation vita , and psp.the company had provided tools for the atari st , amiga , sega saturn , sega genesis/mega drive , super nes , nintendo 64 , gamecube , game boy advance , and nintendo ds .
vigier guitars is a french electric guitar , bass , and string manufacturer based in grigny , essonne . patrice vigier founded the company in 1980 . in addition to manufacturing , the company is also active in the import and wholesale distribution of musical instruments , amplifiers , and accessories through its division high tech distribution .
serco group plc is a provider of public services with headquarters based in hook , hampshire . serco operates in six sectors of public service provision : health , transport , justice , immigration , defence , and citizens services . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index . serco operates in continental europe , the middle east , the asia pacific region and north america , but the majority of its turnover comes from the uk .
the groz-beckert kg is part of the groz-beckert group based in albstadt-ebingen in baden-wuerttemberg , germany . groz-beckert is the worlds leading provider of industrial needles , precision components and fine tools as well as systems and services for the production and joining of textiles . founded in 1852 , the company is still family-owned . on 31 december 2017 the group of companies had more than 8,800 employees , of which 2,114 worked at the headquarters in albstadt .
aptilo networks is a company headquartered in stockholm sweden , which produces and markets software systems to manage mobile data and wi-fi services for 3g , lte , wimax , wi-fi and fixed broadband networks , including solutions for mobile data offloading using wi-fi . aptilos service management platform controls billing , user services and access within the network . the company offers service management and policy control solutions for both telephony network operators and internet service providers .
course hero is a crowdsourced online learning platform for students to access study resources like course materials , flashcards , educational videos and tutors . its educator portal is a micropublishing platform for educators to distribute their educational resources . course hero collects and organizes study materials like practice exams , problem sets , syllabi , flashcards , class notes and study guides from users who upload .
the paris opera awards is an international contest for opera singers held in paris , france . it is held under the patronage of the french representation at the european commission and it starts on the web and ends with a final gala evening in paris .
the james richardson corporation , also going by the name james richardson group or jr/group , is an australian furniture , hospitality , real estate and retail corporation , headquartered in the abbotsford suburb of melbourne , australia . it is privately owned and employs approximately 2,300 people worldwide . it is perhaps best known among consumers for its duty-free retail stores in airports and border crossings in australasia and the middle east .
neotrans co. ltd. is a transportation company operating shinbundang line . shinbundang lines train station facilities are operated by a company of the same name - shinbundang line . company currently belongs to doosan group . once disposal of neo trans was proposed , but it was canceled .
speedway llc is the nations second largest chain of corporate-owned convenience stores . speedway is headquartered in enon , ohio , united states with locations operating under its namesake brand along the midwestern and east coast of the united states . speedway llc is a wholly owned subsidiary of the marathon petroleum corporation and is the largest chain in central ohio . central to speedways brand is its speedy rewards loyalty program .
exel inn was an american lodging chain based in madison , wisconsin . it was founded as interstate inn in 1972 by david stauffacher . the first one was located on east towne boulevard in madison . stauffacher changed the motels name to exel inn in 1974 after he was unable to get a copyright for the chains original logo , which incorporated the interstate highway system shield . throughout the chains history , stauffacher operated it with his family .
wingcon is a german company that operates in the telecommunications industry . the company is specialized to design , develop and provide telecom products and solutions as well as consulting services worldwide with focus on gsm-railway . nowadays wingcon holds a distinguished position in the european gsm-r market .
parnis watch co. is a watch brand sold primarily in europe and the united states . xiao jian hong owns the trademarks and has been responsible for the expansion of the brand since 2005 . parnis markets its products through its official website and through multiple other online channels including several resellers and distributors operating on ebay and amazon .
pritish nandy communications , often abbreviated to pnc , is an entertainment , news and media content corporation , and a maker of indian movies , based in mumbai , india . it was one of the first indian media and entertainment companies to be publicly listed on a stock exchange . the company went public in 2000 , when it listed on the bse and the nse . pnc produced 26 films in its first nine years of film production .
milano serravalle milano tangenziali s.p.a. is an italian transport company . the company owned the concession until 2028 on milan to serravalle scrivia section of autostrada a7 , as well as the concession of the ring roads or bypass road surrounding milan . the company was the holding company of autostrada pedemontana lombarda , the operator of a36 -LRB- cassano magnago to lentate sul .
legrand is a french industrial group historically based in limoges in the limousin region . in 2011 , legrand arteor was the largest globally for switches and sockets , with 20 % of the global market , and it was also globally largest in cable management , generating 75 % of its turnover internationally .
look is a french manufacturer of high-end ski bindings , bicycle frames , equipment , and apparel .
nvr , inc. is an american homebuilding and mortgage company . the homebuilding unit sells and constructs new homes under the ryan homes , nvhomes , rymarc homes , fox ridge homes and heartland homes trade names .
westwood , baillie and co was a victorian engineering and shipbuilding company based at london yard in cubitt town , london . the company was set up in 1856 by robert baillie and joseph westwood , previously managers of ditchburn and mares shipyard .
patties foods , is an australian food manufacturing company that produces meat pies , baked goods , frozen fruits , and pre-made desserts . patties foods is represented in the australian market by the fourn twenty , patties , herbert adams , creative gourmet , nannas , chefs pride and snowy river brands . patties is the largest meat pie producing company in australia , and the world .
restream is a cloud multistreaming service , headquartered in austin , texas . the service allows its users to broadcast live content to multiple streaming platforms including but not limited to youtube , twitch , mixer , and ustream simultaneously .
star empire entertainment is a south korean entertainment company founded in 2000 by shin ju-hak . formerly home to artists like jewelry and v.o.s its current roster of artists include ze : a , nine muses , nasty nasty , imfact and seo in-young .
dantherm as is the parent company of several companies involved in the development , production , sale , and installation of industrial air handling solutions .
samsung is a south korean multinational conglomerate headquartered in samsung town , seoul . it comprises numerous affiliated businesses , most of them united under the samsung brand , and is the largest south korean chaebol . samsung was founded by lee byung-chul in 1938 as a trading company . over the next three decades , the group diversified into areas including food processing , textiles , insurance , securities and retail .
fred . olsen energy is a norwegian offshore drilling rig company , offering services for the offshore industry within development and production of oil and gas . the company operates in two segments offshore drilling and engineering & fabrication , the latter of which includes the northern irish shipyard harland and wolff . fred . olsen energy has its headquarters in oslo , and offices in stavanger , uk , brazil , mexico , hungary , india , united states and singapore .
mediehuset stfold as is a norwegian media company . owned 99.3 % by edda media , it publishes the stfold-based newspapers fredriksstad blad , moss avis and sarpsborgavisa . it also owns the local radio stations radio sarpsborg , radio fredrikstad and radio moss . in the spring of 2008 , the best profit margin of all times was announced , with expectations for an even better fiscal year in 2008 . in the autumn of the same year , edda media demanded a five percent cut in expenditures .
live oak bank is a direct bank headquartered in wilmington , north carolina . it is a subsidiary of live oak bancshares , inc. , a bank holding company . the bank specializes in originating business loans that are guaranteed by the small business administration to companies in 16 specific industries . along with wells fargo and u.s. bancorp , it is one of the largest originators of loans guaranteed by the sba .
samsonite international s.a. is an american luggage manufacturer and retailer , with products ranging from large suitcases to small toiletries bags and briefcases . it was founded in denver . the companys registered office is in luxembourg and it is listed on the hong kong stock exchange .
maaco collision repair & auto painting is an american franchisor of auto painting and collision repair shops based in charlotte , north carolina . it was founded in 1972 by anthony a. martino and daniel i. rhode .
japan petroleum exploration company limited is a hydrocarbon exploration , production and transportation company . japex explores and produces crude oil , natural gas and liquefied natural gas reserves worldwide . japex has proven reserves of 272 million barrels in japan and the rest of the world . aside from operations in hokkaido , akita , yamagata and niigata in japan , japex has major operations in canada , indonesia and libya .
global mission is the frontline mission arm of adventist mission , an office of the seventh-day adventist churchs world headquarters . the organization sends volunteer missionaries , typically for one or two years , to reach people in areas of the world where there are no seventh-day adventist members . together global mission pioneers and cross-cultural seventh-day adventist missionaries are working to tell the world about the love of christ in some of the worlds hardest-to-reach places .
kirks is a soft drink manufacturer founded in queensland , australia in 1959 , popular for their range of flavours including lemonade , creaming soda , and sarsaparilla . currently , kirks is owned , manufactured , and distributed by coca-cola amatil . kirks produces a wide selection of soft drink flavours available throughout australia . in 2014 , kirks launched a new line of limited edition original flavours , kirks surprises .
lexicon branding , inc. , is an american marketing firm founded in 1982 by david placek . it focuses on selecting brand names for companies and products . the company devised the brand names pentium , blackberry , powerbook , zune , swiffer , febreze , subaru outback and forester , toyota scion , deskjet , dasani , onstar , embassy suites hotels and metreon , among others .
flanor is a dutch publishing house that was founded in 1987 by jan van herpen , willem huberts and gerben wynia . the name flanor is an acronym : felicitatem librorum amor nobis originalem reddit .
banyan systems was founded in 1983 by anand jagannathan , a software engineer and mid-level manager at data general , larry floryan and david c. mahoney . the companys distinctive logo , a banyan tree , and the logos allegorical representation of banyans product suite , vines , were conceived by jagannathan .
bamburi cement limited is an industrial company in kenya specialising in cement and concrete . the company has operations in bamburi suburb of mombasa , its headquartered in nairobi and its stock is listed on the nairobi securities exchange .
axel music was an entertainment retail chain based in denmark , with warehouses and distribution centres in canada , united states , france , and germany . it maintained online websites for customers worldwide . on 18 june 2012 , the company announced its bankruptcy .
fotosearch is a stock photography company , founded in 1998 . the company sells royalty-free and rights-managed photography , illustrations , video footage , clipart , and audio clips . today , with digital images from over 140 publishers , it is one of the worlds largest distributors of stock photography . the core feature of the site is its search feature which allows users to access its database of over 15 million images .
the banca of sassari is an italian bank with its headquarters in sassari , sardinia . it was founded as banca cooperativa fra commercianti societ anonima in 1888 , later it was renamed as banca popolare cooperativa anonima di sassari , and since 1948 called banca popolare di sassari . in 1993 was founded a joint-stock company called banca di sassari s.p.a. , controlled by the banco di sardegna .
bell features , also known as commercial signs of canada , was a canadian comic book publisher during the world war ii era . they were the most successful of the publishers of canadian whites , and published comics such as adrian dingles nelvana of the northern lights . founded in 1939 as a commercial art business , the company found success when it started publishing comics in september 1941 , and changed its name to bell features in 1942 .
starter is an american manufacturer of sportswear , focusing on throwback accessories such as jackets and hats of major league sports teams . starters current licenses include mlb , nba , nfl , nhl and ncaa teams . since 2007 , starter has been a subsidiary company of the iconix brand group .
the wiener neustdter lokomotivfabrik was the largest locomotive and engineering factory in the austro-hungarian empire . during world war ii the company produced armaments as part of rax-werk ges.mbh which was associated with the mauthausen concentration camp .
continental engineering corporation is a large taiwanese construction company . it was founded in sichuan in 1945 during the second world war period . on account of the chinese as well as american air force , it accomplished many public engineering projects as well as military engineering projects . in the postwar period , after china changed hands , cec moved to taiwan in 1949 .
ctrip is a chinese provider of travel services including accommodation reservation , transportation ticketing , packaged tours and corporate travel management .
keysight technologies , or keysight , is a us company that manufactures electronics test and measurement equipment and software . in 2014 , keysight was spun off from agilent technologies , taking with it the product lines focused on electronics and radio , leaving agilent with the chemical and bio-analytical products . the name is a blend of key and insight , and was chosen to convey that the company unlocks critical or key insights .
hospira was an american global pharmaceutical and medical device company with headquarters in lake forest , illinois . it had approximately 15,000 employees . before its acquisition by pfizer , hospira was the worlds largest producer of generic injectable pharmaceuticals , manufacturing generic acute-care and oncology injectables , as well as integrated infusion therapy and medication management systems .
transurban s.a. is the local public transport company of satu mare , romania . the company runs an extensive 354.8 kilometres public transport network serving mainly the city but also two other communes doba and veti and the stmrel district . the company operates a fleet of 46 buses on 16 urban and 2 sururban lines . the bus fleet includes a number of 15 irisbus citelis manufactured by the french company irisbus at its local production site located in arad .
kcb bank burundi limited , also kenya commercial bank burundi , or kcb burundi , is a commercial bank in burundi , licensed by the bank of the republic of burundi , the national banking regulator .
exponent is an american engineering and scientific consulting firm . exponent has a multidisciplinary team of scientists , physicians , engineers , and business consultants which performs research and analysis in more than 90 technical disciplines . the company operates 20 offices in the united states and five offices overseas .
ferrocarriles argentinos sociedad del estado is a state-owned railway company of argentina created for the operation and maintenance of the argentine railway network in the country , including passenger and freight services . the company shares its name with the previous national operator which was broken up during the privatisation process , and also uses a modified version of its original logo .
fission uranium corp. is a mineral exploration company . it is engaged in the exploration and development of uranium assets . its sole project is the patterson lake south project located in canadas athabasca basin district .
3i group plc is a multinational private equity and venture capital company based in london , united kingdom . 3i is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
carhartt , inc. , is a u.s.-based apparel company founded in 1889 . carhartt is known for its work clothes , such as jackets , coats , overalls , coveralls , vests , shirts , jeans , dungarees and fire-resistant clothing . it is still a family-owned company , owned by the descendants of founder hamilton carhartt , with its headquarters in dearborn , michigan .
computer age management services is a mutual fund transfer agency to the indian asset management companies with a share of 61 % of the assets under management . the company was incorporated in year 1988 . cams is an institutionally owned company with three shareholders - nse strategic investment corporation subsidiary of national stock exchange ltd. , hdfc bank group and acsys .
jenos pizza is a pizzeria chain based on colombia . it was acquired by telepizza in 2010 .
financial technologies limited is an indian financial services company , formed in 1988 . founded by jignesh shah , the financial technologies group provides next-generation technology solutions and has built multi-asset class exchanges in india , singapore , middle-east and africa .
xsigo systems was an information technology and hardware company based in san jose , california , us . it provided data center network and i/o virtualization software and hardware to companies and enterprises .
interquest group plc is an aim listed recruitment business that specialises within high growth areas of the new digital economy information security , analytics , digital , telecom and technology . iq operate across all industry sectors with a particular focus on financial markets , retail , public sector and professional services . the interquest group has its head office in london , with additional offices throughout the uk .
isuzu astra motor indonesia is a joint venture automobile and commercial vehicle manufacturer with headquarters in jakarta , indonesia . the company was founded in april 2008 and is the successor of the previous isuzu manufacturer , pantja engine , founded in may 1974 . the new company is jointly owned by isuzu and the holding company astra international , each holding a 44.94 % share in the company , with the remaining stake of 10.12 % belonging to the indonesian product exhibition .
witt weiden is a mail-order house , located in weiden , germany . the company is a 100 % subsidiary of the otto group .
everest spices is an indian manufacturer , distributor and exporter of ground spices and spice mixtures under the brand name everest . everest has been accorded the superbrands status three times : in 2003 , 2006 and 2009 . it also won fmcg consumer reaction award . everest started began advertising aggressively on the television in 2003 , and by 2005 , it had 30 % share of the branded pure spices market in india . according to the 2007 study , everest was indias largest spices brand based in mumbai .
the waco aircraft company was an aircraft manufacturer located in troy , ohio , united states . between 1920 and 1947 , the company produced a wide range of civilian biplanes . the company initially started under the name weaver aircraft company of ohio but changed its name to the waco aircraft company in 1928/29 .
technologyone limited is an australian enterprise software company . technologyone was founded in 1987 in brisbane , australia . it is listed on the australian securities exchange with the symbol tne and is a constituent of the asx 200 index .
camaeu is a french retail clothing company which manufactures and sells its own collections of womens clothing .
roller coaster corporation of america was an amusement ride manufacturer based in the united states . the companys first major project was the rattler at six flags fiesta texas in 1992 , while their most famous coaster was the son of beast at kings island , the worlds tallest and first looping wooden coaster when it opened in 2000 .
the camco drum company was originally a drum hardware manufacturer which began producing drums after a hostile takeover of the george h. way drum company in 1961 .
american tea room was a specialty tea and tea accessory retailer , web store , and cafe based in beverly hills , california . founded in 2003 , american tea room is opening a second location in downtown los angeles in 2015 , and planning on additional locations in orange county and new york city . on march 8 , 2018 , it was announced that american tea room would cease all operations .
columbia tristar television , inc , was an american television production and distribution studio that was active for 8 years from 1994 to 2002 .
fare buzz is a next-generation fare aggregator , b2b and b2c business that provides people to get airfare , hotel , car rental and vacation packages . fare buzz has received recognition from distinguished publications including yahoo ! finance , tnooz , fortune , theolivepress , and travelpulse . on march 2016 fare buzz announced updates and ease-of-use enhancements to its mobile website .
the joseph huber brewing company was founded in 1845 in monroe , wisconsin . originally called the blumer brewery , it adopted the huber name in 1947 . it is the oldest continually operating brewery in the midwest and second oldest in the united states . huber reached its most successful point around 1978 , when its augsburger brand received awards from several prominent beer reviewers and became a top seller for the company .
geeksphone is a spanish smartphone company founded in 2009 . geeksphones most notable products are open android phones and developer devices of firefox os .
sambazon , inc. is a privately held american company based in san clemente , california and founded in 2000 . the company makes and sells aa-based food and beverages . all sambazon products are usda-certified organic , non-gmo project verified , naturally gluten free and fair trade . the variety of aa-based smoothies , juices , and other sambazon smoothies are sold in packs sometimes .
conveyiq , formerly take the interview , is a us-based software company that provides a talent communication platform to solve challenges in the recruiting process . the platform enables companies to create customized communications and provides analytics for advanced decision making so that organizations can hire more qualified candidates faster .
winiary - the abbreviated term for a food processing company , located in the kalisz borough winiary . the company was founded by the initiative of a german of polish descent . the headquarters of the company became one of two unused brewery buildings in winiary . the first owner of the company was alfred nowacki .
anesrif is a transport business created by the government of algeria , to expand and modernise the algerian railway system .
national geographic creative , a division of the national geographic society headquartered in washington , d.c. , united states , is a stock photography agency that manages and licenses one of the worlds most comprehensive and unique collections of photographs and original artwork . it maintains a collection of more than 10 million digital images , transparencies , black-and-white prints , early auto chromes , and pieces of original artwork .
rocky mountain chocolate factory is an international franchisor , confectionery manufacturer and retail operator in the united states , canada , japan , the philippines , and the united arab emirates . the company is based in the town of durango located on the western slope of the rocky mountains in southwestern colorado .
inkstop , inc. was an office supply retailer founded in 2005 and most recently headquartered in warrensville heights , ohio . on october 1 , 2009 , operations were stopped until further notice by the board of directors . on november 5 , 2009 , inkstop filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy .
cbtf technology is the patent holder of canting keel technology used in the design of some notable racing yachts in recent years , including wild oats xi and alfa romeo . the company licenses its canting ballast , twin foil technology to yacht designers who choose to incorporate it into their designs .
empire theatres limited was a movie theatre chain in canada , a subsidiary of empire company ltd. , the holding company of the sobey family conglomerate . in june 2013 , empire announced it would exit the movie theatre business , selling the vast majority of locations to cineplex and landmark cinemas .
cleanequity monaco is an annual conference hosting the worlds next generation sustainable and resource efficiency technologies . the invitation only event was founded by h.s.h. prince albert ii of monaco and mungo park , chairman of innovator capital in 2008 . innovator capital , is a london based investment bank specialising in sustainable technologies , ict and life sciences .
swoopthat.com was an online textbook price comparison service . it was based in san diego , california , it specialized in college textbooks but includes high school textbooks as well . the companys books by course search engine lets students input their class schedules , see all the required textbooks for those schedules , and find the cheapest online sources of those books . the search engine also includes a textbook exchange feature through which students can buy and sell books from other students .
koei tecmo holdings co. , ltd. , is a japanese video game holding company created in 2009 by the merger of koei and tecmo . it was founded as tecmo koei holdings . koei tecmo holdings owns several companies , the biggest one of those being its flagship game developer and publisher koei tecmo games that was founded in 1978 as koei . koei europe was the first subsidiary to change its name to tecmo koei europe , ltd and to release video games under the new moniker .
sempra energy is an american natural gas utilities holding company based in san diego , california . it divides its interests into two broad categories : california utilities , including southern california gas company and san diego gas & electric and businesses not subject to california utilities regulation , chiefly sempra international and sempra u.s. gas & power .
agco feucht gmbh is a german manufacturer of agricultural equipment based in feucht , germany , located just southwest of nuremberg in bavaria . it was established in 1918 as a harrow manufacturing company , and its product line has expanded since . currently , agco feucht has the industrys largest product range of mowers , tedders and rakes . the machines are a vibrant red color with safety tarps in a bright yellow color .
alliance truck parts is an american private label brand that offers heavy-duty truck replacement parts and accessories . the brand was founded as alliance brand parts in 1998 and is a division of daimler trucks north america llc , a wholly owned subsidiary of the german daimler ag . the change to alliance truck parts occurred in first quarter of 2011 to better communicate its target market .
simmons may refer to : simmons , including a list of people with the surnamesimmons , kentuckysimmons , missourisimmons , a fictional character in the animated video series red vs. bluesimmonston , abandoned town site in south australia .
touchwave , inc. , was a privately held palo alto , california ip-telephony network switch provider founded in 1997 . touchwave developed a product line called webswitch that was designed to replace traditional private telephone exchange systems in small-to-medium-sized companies . webswitch was part of a phone system that incorporates communication features provided by the internet .
tph partners is a private equity firm headquartered in houston , texas , usa .
citywing was an isle of man-based virtual airline that sold seats on scheduled air flights operated under charter . flights linked several airports in the british isles , with the company having a base at isle of man airport . its head office was in hangar 9 at isle of man airport in ballasalla .
community bank , n.a. , is a commercial bank serving customers in upstate new york , northeastern pennsylvania , vermont and massachusetts . it is the wholly owned national banking subsidiary of community bank system , inc. . community bank is headquartered in dewitt , new york , a suburb of syracuse .
rotor flight dynamics inc is an american aircraft manufacturer based in wimauma , florida and owned by ernie boyette . the company was founded in 1986 and specializes in the design and manufacture of autogyros in the form of plans and kits for amateur construction . boyette started his company to produce his dragon wing rotorblade designs . constructed of bonded aluminium and employing a custom airfoil section , they were first marketed in 1989 .
seoul broadcasting system is a national south korean television and radio network company . in march 2000 , the company legally became known as sbs , changing its corporate name from seoul broadcasting system service since 2005 . its flagship terrestrial television station is channel 6 for digital and cable .
the west seattle land and improvement company was a real estate development concern that conducted business in west seattle starting in 1888 . through a subsidiary , the oregon and washington ferry and navigation company , the company also owned and operated two ferries that operated between the companys developments in west seattle and seattle itself , which was then a separate city which was difficult to reach over land routes of the time .
internetcash.com was a company that generated pre-paid cards , either in physical or electronic form , to distribute cash . the cash consisted of an internetcash number together with a customer-selected pin . the internetcash e-currency could then be spent with participating online merchants . an early name for internetcash , before it acquired the internetcash.com domain name , was spendcash.com .
bigfoot international , inc. was a new york city based holding company , which developed email communications , marketing automation and customer interaction software products during the dot-com era . founded in 1997 by lenny barshack and james hoffman , it grew out of bigfoot.com , a free e-mail provider and web directory . it eventually developed into a group of three subsidiaries : bigfoot.com , email marketing company bigfoot interactive and browser/crm software company neoplanet , inc.
cryo-cell international , inc. is a cord blood bank . it was founded by dan richard in 1989 . cryo-cell international is the first private cord blood bank to separate and store stem cells . cryo-cell is headquartered outside of tampa , in oldsmar , florida . in january 1997 , the companys stock began trading on the nasdaq small cap market under symbol ccel .
abound solar was a manufacturer of cadmium telluride modulesa thin-film photovoltaic technologybased in the united states . it owned an abandoned , toxic production facility in longmont , colorado . the company was incorporated as ava solar in 2007 and was rebranded as abound solar in march 2009 . in 2012 the company laid off almost half its employees before suspending operations and filing for bankruptcy .
erhc is a publicly traded american corporation with oil and gas assets in sub-saharan africa . the company has oil and gas exploration interests in the republic of kenya , chad and so tom and prncipe . oil and gas explorations are also located in the principe exclusive economic zone and the nigeria-so tom and prncipe joint development zone .
fondul proprietatea is a joint-stock company established by the romanian state , and is intended to become entirely private and independent from the state . its specificity lies in the fact that its purpose and its operations are governed by special legislation . shareholders are limited to those dispossessed owners of their property by the romanian state during the communist regime .
concorde capital is a limited liability investment company based in kiev , ukraine . concorde capital investment company offers investment banking , brokerage services and asset management in ukraine . the company was founded in 2004 by its owner and general director , igor mazepa .
chengdu airlines co. , ltd. , a subsidiary of sichuan airlines , is an airline headquartered in chengdu , china . it operates a network of scheduled domestic passenger flights out of its hub at chengdu shuangliu international airport .
in april 1979 , sertco industries , inc. was incorporated for the purpose of general manufacturing and assembly as well as sales of machined parts . operations began using the latest cnc machinery available at the time . as of 2015 , the company employs 65 people and manufactures for multiple industries including aerospace and compressors .
the onega tractor plant or onezhskiy tractor plant is a major russian machine-building manufacturing plant in petrozavodsk , karelia , russia .
kalmbach publishing co. is an american publisher of books and magazines , many of them railroad-related , located in waukesha , wisconsin . the companys magazine titles include : .
st austell brewery is a brewery founded in 1851 by walter hicks in st austell , cornwall , england . the brewerys flagship beer is tribute ale , which accounts for around 80 % of sales . other popular ales include proper job , tinners ale and duchy bitter . on 1 july 2016 st austell brewery acquired bath ales . in march 2017 a multi-million pound investment in a new brewery and larger bottling and canning facilities at bath ales was announced .
spintel is an australian-based telecommunication company that mainly provides residential broadband , 4g connectivity and home phone packages . it was founded as spin internet services in 1996 , by peter stevens in sydney , australia .
dubai banking group is the global sharia compliant financial investor of dubai group with assets valued at over usd 10 billion . the group was established in 2007 when dubai islamic investment group , founded in 2004 , and dubai bank , founded in 2002 , consolidated their activities to form dubai banking group .
trapeze networks , inc. was founded in 2002 . it is a wi-fi networking infrastructure and services vendor . in sept 2007 trapeze was recognized by frost and sullivan as the first company to apply controller virtualization techniques to wireless networks resulting in session-level hitless failover capabilities . trapeze was acquired by belden inc. in july 2008 for $ 133 million . in december 2008 trapeze networks acquired newbury networks , a wi-fi based real-time location services company .
fisher engineering is an american manufacturer of snowplows and other professional snow removal equipment , located in rockland , maine . fisher engineering is a subsidiary of douglas dynamics , which also owns western products and blizzard , each producing their own snowplow brands . fisher engineering is one of the leading snow management equipment providers in the northeastern united states .
miniatur wunderland is a model railway attraction in hamburg , germany , and the largest of its kind in the world . the railway is located in the historic speicherstadt district of the city . in october 2016 the railway consisted of 15,400 m of track in h0 scale , divided into nine sections : harz , the fictitious city of knuffingen , the alps and austria , hamburg , america , scandinavia , switzerland , a replica of the hamburg airport and italy .
the dead sea works is an israeli potash plant in sdom , on the dead sea coast of israel .
tring brewery co. is a brewery in tring , hertfordshire , united kingdom . the company was started by richard shardlow in 1992 , who had previous experience with greene king , ruddles and devenish . andrew jackson , formerly of whitbread , started as joint director in 2000 , the year the brewery launched their now flagship beer side pocket for a toad . the brewery is known in the home counties for its cask ales , of which various styles are brewed at their location on dunsley farm in tring .
handy is an online two-sided marketplace for residential cleanings and other home services . founded in 2012 in cambridge , massachusetts , the now new york-based company operates services in united states , united kingdom , and canada .
the austrian federal computing centre or bundesrechenzentrum is a public information technology service provider based in vienna . the organisation develops and operates e-government services for the austrian federal government , including the federal ministries and the federal chancellery . in 1997 the brz was outsourced from the ministry of finance as an organisational spin-off on the basis of a federal law , since then it acts as a limited liability company .
easy taxi is a mobile e-hailing application available in 30 countries . the app allows users to book a taxi and track it in real time . the same ios , android , or windows phone app can be used in all places in which the partner taxis operate . easy taxi was founded in 2011 in brazil and has since expanded globally , covering the network of 30 countries and more than 420 cities .
genomatica is a san diego-based biotechnology company that develops and licenses biological manufacturing processes for the production of intermediate and basic chemicals . genomaticas process technology for the chemical 1,4-butanediol is now commercial . genomatica produced 5 million pounds of renewable bdo in five weeks at a dupont tate & lyle plant in tennessee . its geno bdo process has been licensed by basf and by novamont .
neuf architects is a canadian architecture firm based in montreal , quebec with an additional office in ottawa , ontario . the firm employs one hundred professionals in the field of architecture and design . the partners of the firm are andr cousineau , bruno st-jean , anh lequang , antoine cousineau , azad chichmanian , guy caron and jean-franois trahan . founded in 1971 , the firm was known as dcysa until 2012 , when it changed its name to neuf architects .
rakhsh khodro co or rkd is an iranian truck manufacturer established in 2005 and located in tabriz . this company is a strategic partner of kamaz of russia , jac and jinbei of china , and maz-man of belarus . it produces kamaz trucks , jac light trucks and its own designed minibus . its headquarters is in tabriz , iran .
napier healthcare is a healthcare information technology company , established in 1996 , that offers healthcare software implementations for private and government hospitals , clinics , pharmacies and diagnostic centers . napier is headquartered in singapore with its global development center in hyderabad and business operations in mumbai , delhi , hyderabad and bangalore in india . napiers presence is extended to turkey , saudi arabia , dubai , china , south africa , kenya , tanzania , bhutan and malaysia .
brussels airlines is the flag carrier and largest airline of belgium , based and headquartered at brussels airport . it operates to over 120 destinations in europe , north america , africa and asia and also offers charter services , maintenance and crew training . the airline is a member of the star alliance as well as the international air transport association . the airlines iata code sn is inherited from its predecessors , sabena and sn brussels airlines .
harbinger capital partners is a private hedge fund based in new york city , new york , founded by philip falcone , who is the funds senior managing director .
main road post is a russian visual effects studio , set up in 2006 , located in moscow , russia . the studio has worked on the visual effects for the largest-scale russian films of the last decade and a few international projects . it is best known for stalingrads visual effects . the studio was ranked 97th among the top 100 most influential animation studios .
american consolidated media was a united states publisher of approximately 100 daily and weekly newspapers , which it divested in 2014 . in march 2014 , acm announced the it was selling three of its regional newspaper groups , encompassing 34 publications acm-superior , acm-ohio and acm-chesapeake to adams publishing group . in july 2014 , acm sold its papers in texas , oklahoma , and kansas to new media investment group , said to be the final divestiture for acm .
printemps is a french department store chain . the printemps stores focus on beauty , lifestyle , fashion , accessories , and mens wear .
secure computing corporation , or scc , was a public company that developed and sold computer security appliances and hosted services to protect users and data . mcafee acquired the company in 2008 . the company also developed filtering systems used by governments such as iran and saudi arabia that blocks their citizens from accessing information on the internet .
zvelo , inc. is a privately held software company headquartered in greenwood village , colorado .
cargurus is a cambridge , massachusetts-based automotive research and shopping website that assists users in comparing local listings for used and new cars , and contacting sellers .
multiplex cinemas are a chain of multiplex cinemas based in ukraine .
sappi limited , originally incorporated as south african pulp and paper industries limited in 1936 , is a south african pulp and paper company with global operations .
paraguayan petroleums is the paraguayan national oil company that owns the only refinery in the country villa elisa refinery located in villa elisa with a capacity of 7,500 barrels , a lng plant , a biodiesel plant and several storage facilities with a storage capacity of around 400,000 cubic metres .
1271 avenue of the americas is a 48-story office building located in rockefeller center in new york city . it opened in 1959 as the time & life building , designed by architect wallace harrison , of harrison , abramovitz , and harris .
ontrac is a logistics company specializing in contracting regional shipping services in the western united states . the company was founded in california in 1991 and has expanded to serve seven additional states : arizona , nevada , oregon , washington , utah , colorado and idaho . initial customers were document shippers that sought an alternative to overnight delivery in california versus national carriers .
stallion bus is an american bus manufacturer and distributor . they are the north american distributor for higer bus from china and their primary products include mid-size coach body built on a freightliner chassis , cutaway buses , customized mercedes sprinter vans , and specialty vehicles . their equipment meets buy america standards and is altoona rated . the company was founded in 2006 and now supplies buses all over the united states , canada , and abroad .
vhv group is a german insurance and reinsurance company based in hanover , specialising in provision non-life and life insurance as well . its core businesses are all insurance services . today vhv group operates primarily in europe , middle east and east asia and especially in germany , switzerland , italy , france , austria and turkey .
delhi music academy is a music school in the indian capital new delhi training students in both instrumental and vocal music . it teaches both indian as well as western classical music .
leybold gmbh , based in cologne , is part of the swedish industry group atlas copco . the companys core competencies are based on the development of components and systems for the generation of vacuum and gas management engineering .
thon hotels is a norwegian based hotel chain . it is currently the 3rd largest hotel chain in norway with 50-odd hotels in norway , belgium and the netherlands .
komern banka is a major czech bank and the parent company of kb group , a member of the socit gnrale international financial group . kb is a universal bank providing a wide range of services in retail , corporate and investment banking complemented by specialised financial services produced by kbs subsidiaries or other sg group companies . kb group operates in the czech republic and also provides services to corporate clients in slovakia .
hellenic telecommunications organisation s.a. , usually known by its greek initials ote , is the dominant telecommunications provider in greece . along with its subsidiaries , is one of the largest telecom groups in south eastern europe . ote group offers broadband services , fixed and mobile telephony , high-speed data communications and leased lines services .
isadora cosmetics is a swedish cosmetics brand established in 1983 by the company swedish invima ab , located in malm . isadoras first beauty line appeared in swedish stores in november 1983 , and by 1984 isadora exported its products to norway and the rest of scandinavia . isadora has also expanded into the us market and was sold in walgreens stores in the united states from 2003 until 2008 . it is also sold in the united kingdom .
innovation centre denmark helps danish businesses , startups as well as knowledge and research institutions with access to international knowledge and innovation environments . further they create and develop networks and business cases with an international perspective . innovation centre denmark was established and is managed as a partnership between the ministry of foreign affairs of denmark and the danish ministry of higher education and science .
cal bank is a commercial bank in ghana involved primarily in meeting the banking needs of small , medium and large corporations . it is one of the commercial banks licensed by the bank of ghana , the national banking regulator .
merchem limited is a manufacturer and supplier of rubber processing and speciality chemicals based in india , since 1980 . merchem has plants in eloor and edayar in kerala and panoli in gujarat . merchem manufactures and supply rubber processing and other speciality chemicals having applications in pharma , tyre , agro and water treatment across india and europe , south east asia , australia and latin america .
r is the 18th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
nissan motor company ltd , usually shortened to nissan , is a japanese multinational automobile manufacturer headquartered in nishi-ku , yokohama . the company sells its cars under the nissan , infiniti , and datsun brands with in-house performance tuning products labelled nismo . the company traces its name to the nissan zaibatsu , now called nissan group .
watkins-johnson company was a designer and manufacturer of electronic devices , systems , and equipment . the company , commonly referred to as w-j , was formed in 1957 by dean a. watkins and h. richard johnson , and was headquartered in palo alto , california . its products included microwave tubes , followed by solid-state microwave devices , electronic warfare subsystems and systems , receiving equipment , antennas , furnaces and semiconductor manufacturing equipment , and automated test equipment .
act , inc. is an american 501 nonprofit organization , primarily known for the act , a standardized test designed to assess high school students academic achievement and college readiness . for the u.s. high school class of 2016 , 64 percent of graduates had taken the act test the nearly 2.1 million students included virtually all high school graduates in 20 states .
lucasvarity plc was a uk automotive parts manufacturer , created by a merger of the british lucas industries plc , and the north american varity corporation in august 1996 .
netcologne is a regional telecommunications , cable television and internet service provider in the cologne region of germany . it operates its own copper , coaxial , fttb and cdma2000 networks . it serves 518.000 customers and is owned by the city of cologne . the company has around 900 employees .
rdio bandeirantes is a brazilian news radio network , based in so paulo , property of grupo bandeirantes de comunicao . it was created in 1937 as an all-news service . rb operates on the frequencies of 840 khz and 90.9 mhz .
the severnoe design bureau , founded in 1946 , is a russian ship designing company . it is based in saint petersburg with an office in moscow . formerly , the bureau was known as the northern project design bureau . it is not to be confused with severnaya verf or nevskoe design bureau , abbreviated as ndb . those firms are also based in saint petersburg but have no relation whatsoever to the severnoe db.the .
acapulco gold is a clothing brand founded in new york city in 2006.co-owners augie galan and geoff heath met while working at supreme in 1998 . after nearly a decade there , they decided to branch off and start their own line of clothing . the brand began with t-shirts and hats at first , then as popularity grew extended their line to include high quality cut and sew garments . acapulco gold sells its clothing at boutiques in 19 countries and has a global reach through its website .
fusepoint managed services was a provider of managed it solutions for companies throughout north america , that was acquired by savvis , inc in 2010 . founded in 1999 , fusepoint has within 5 years grown by over 1,400 % and in 2008 was ranked 46th by profit magazine in a list of canadas 100 fastest-growing companies . fusepoint is currently ranked as the 83rd largest technology company according to globes branham group .
bluelithium is an online advertising network , founded by gurbaksh chahal and krishna subramanian in january 2004 . its service is intended to join behavioral targeting with advanced data analytics to improve campaign optimization over a global advertising network . bluelithium is headquartered in san jose , california with offices in london , paris , minsk and across the united states . in 2006 , bluelithium was named top innovator of the year by venture organization alwayson .
finsoe s.p.a. is an intermediate holding company for several coop societies of coop . finsoe was the major shareholders of unipol and in the past , had a direct minority shareholding in unipol banca . until 2015 unipol had two class of shares , making finsoe hold 50.75 % voting rights and 31.40 % share capital on unipol . however , in mid-2015 all shares were converted to ordinary shares .
american media , inc. , is a publisher of magazines , supermarket tabloids , and books based in new york city .
the compaa cervecera de puerto rico is one of two breweries in puerto rico . it is located in mayagez , puerto rico . the companys main brand is medalla light .
easyday is an indian retail brand that runs chains of consumer retail supermarkets and convenience stores . the brand is wholly owned by future retail ltd. bharti enterprises announced its foray into retail in february 2007 and the first store was opened in punjab in april 2008 . easyday presently has 523 stores across 12 states . future group , that owns and operate big bazaar , combined retail operations with easyday in may 2015 .
starbucks corporation is an american coffee company and coffeehouse chain . starbucks was founded in seattle , washington in 1971 . as of 2017 , the company operates 26,696 locations worldwide . starbucks is considered the main representative of second wave coffee , initially distinguishing itself from other coffee-serving venues in the us by taste , quality , and customer experience while popularizing darkly roasted coffee .
vegas.com , llc is a destination-specific online travel agency founded in 1998 and headquartered in las vegas , nevada . vegas.com provides extensive travel content and books discounted travel products including hotel rooms , air-hotel packages , show tickets , tours , dining , golf , and other activities exclusively for the las vegas destination . vegas.com was one of the greenspun corporations family of companies .
the nudelman precision engineering design bureau is a missile design bureau located in moscow . it was founded in 1934 under the designation okb-16 .
established in 1999 , neighborhood bike works is a nonprofit educational organization in west philadelphia . the mission of nbw is to inspire youth and strengthen philadelphia communities by providing equitable access to bicycling and bike repair through education , recreation , leadership and career-building opportunities .
klotz digital ag was a manufacturer of audio media products based in munich , germany . the company was active in the two business segments public address and radio & tv broadcast . its products include systems for radio broadcast , television broadcast , live sound , public address , and commercial sound .
midway airlines was an airline based in morrisville , north carolina , usa , between raleigh and durham . the airline operated between 1993 and 2003 .
trend technologies is an international manufacturer specialising in plastic injection molding with the first facility opening in mullingar , ireland in 1985 . the company serves the automotive , healthcare , ict and industrial sectors . the companys subsidiaries are the cam fran tool and die company , stevenson grantech limited and tintarent limited .
auto trader group plc is an automotive classified advertising business . it specialises in new and second hand automotive sales , including cars sold by private sellers and trade dealers . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
bizarre creations limited was a british video game development studio based in liverpool , best known for their racing titles metropolis street racer and the follow-up project gotham racing series . the company has also developed games in other genres , including the geometry wars arcade series , plus third-person shooters fur fighters and the club .
california newspapers partnership is a publisher of more than two dozen daily newspapers and several weekly newspapers in the united states state of california . the partnership is managed as a subsidiary of medianews group , its majority owner . the minority partner is stephens media , with roughly a one-quarter ownership stake .
hackerearth is a startup technology company based in bangalore , india that provides recruitment solutions . its clients include adobe , altimetrik , citrix systems , inmobi , symantec and wipro . it is the fourth company to be incubated by angelprime , and received us $ 500,000 for its seed funding round in 2014 .
the olayan group , is a saudi conglomerate established in 1947 by sulaiman s. olayan . his son khaled s olayan and his three daughters lubna , hayat and hutham olayan all sit on the board of the olayan financing the holding entity for the olayan groups operations in the middle east .
the alarm monitoring company is a uk-based burglar alarm company specialising in monitored alarm systems and alarm monitoring services . the company provides security systems to domestic and business properties , as well as public sector organisations .
haryana power generation corporation limited is the electricity generating company of the government of haryana in india . it has been entrusted with the responsibility of setting up of new generating stations in state of haryana . hpgcl is an iso : 9001 , iso :14001 and ohsas :18001 certified company . the certification was awarded by m/s british standards institution .
swala gas and oil is a tanzanian oil and gas exploration company headquartered in dar es salaam . it was incorporated in 2011 , and trades on the dar es salaam stock exchange under the ticker swala . it holds the exploration licenses for the kilosa-kilombero and pangani fields , both located in the east african rift . it is a subsidiary of swala energy .
technical design labs , founded 1976 by carl galletti and roger amidon , was an early producer of personal computers . tdl was based in princeton , new jersey , usa in the 1970s and early 1980s . the company was later renamed xitan , in honor of its primary product . in 1979 , neil colvin formed what was then called phoenix software associates after his prior employer , xitan , went out of business . neil hired dave hirschman , a former xitan employee .
etruscan press is an american publisher founded in 2001 with a grant from the oristaglio foundation . a non-profit cooperative of poets and writers . housed at wilkes university and partnering with youngstown state university , etruscan press is distributed nationally by consortium distribution .
veja is a french brand of ecological and fair trade footwear and accessories . veja works with cooperatives of small producers and social associations in brazil and france . headquarters are in paris , france . production is sold in approximately 150 stores worldwide . the company employs 30 workers in paris , london , and brasil offices .
the minster machine company is an american manufacturer of machine presses and other metalworking equipment , and a provider of related services . the company is headquartered in minster , ohio . it operates as nidec minister company , a subsidiary of nidec-shimpo america corporation , a wholly owned subsidiary of nidec corporation .
invacare corporation is an american manufacturer and distributor of non-acute medical equipment including wheelchairs , mobility scooters , walkers , pressure care and positioning , as well as respiratory products . headquartered in elyria , ohio , the company currently distributes its product to more than 80 countries around the world .
revco discount drug stores , once based in twinsburg , ohio , was a major drug store chain operating through the ohio valley , the mid-atlantic states , and the southeastern united states . the chains stock was traded on the new york stock exchange under the ticker symbol rxr . when it was sold , the chain had over 2,500 stores .
project sora was a japanese ad hoc video game developer founded by former nintendo president satoru iwata and former hal laboratory employee masahiro sakurai in 2009 after the successful launch of super smash bros. brawl for the wii console . on its formation , nintendo was listed as a 72 % stakeholder while sakurais own sora ltd. and other 3rd parties are 28 % . project sora released their only game , kid icarus : uprising , for the nintendo 3ds in march 2012 .
minas tnis clube is a social , recreational and sports club from belo horizonte , brazil . by 2013 , it has more than 73,000 members . its patrimony comprises two urban units , the minas i and minas ii , and two country units , minas country and minas tnis nutico clube . it also has its own indoor arena , named juscelino kubitschek arena , which is a part of the minas i complex . minas is best known for the professional teams it maintains , in a variety of olympic sports .
the cairo electric railways & heliopolis oases company , is the original name of the heliopolis company for housing and development , a company formed in cairo in 1906 in a partnership between a consortium of belgian developers led by douard empain and boghos nubar pasha , son of the former egyptian prime minister nubar nubarian .
dream house for medically fragile children was a georgia based organization dedicated to providing financial support and homes to children with severe health issues . it is a tax-exempt 501c3 charitable nonprofit . the organization was founded by laura o. moore , a pediatric nurse . the organization eventually served children -LSB- who -RSB- had been abandoned by their families because they didnt have the means to properly care for the child .
southern co-op is a regional consumer co-operative in the united kingdom . the principal activities of the society are food retailing and funerals . it operates 200 convenience stores and 50 funeral homes , covering the southern english counties of berkshire , bristol , devon , dorset , hampshire , isle of wight , somerset , surrey , sussex and wiltshire . the society is owned by over 160,000 members who share in the businesss profits and who democratically control its operations .
langcaster guitars is a new zealand guitar brand founded by dutchman joh lang . the langcaster guitar is distinctive for its unique prehistoric swamp kauri body and intricate patterns made from the roots of the native new zealand kauri tree . carbon dating carried out by the scientists at the university of waikato in new zealand and the university of groningen in the netherlands has found wood used in the guitar bodies to be more than 35,000 years old .
the harsco infrastructure deutschland gmbh , with its headquarters located in ratingen , germany , is a subsidiary of the harsco corporation . the company develops , rents and sells formwork and scaffolding products for the main construction trade and civil engineering projects . aside from that , harsco infrastructure offers an extensive range of services for the planning and development of projects , on top of logistics .
four seasons hotels limited , trading as four seasons hotels and resorts , is an international luxury hospitality company headquartered in toronto , ontario . it operates more than 100 hotels worldwide . since 2007 , bill gates and prince al-waleed bin talal have been majority owners of the company .
golden emperor international ltd. or commonly known as geil is a manufacturer of computer hardware components , based in taipei , taiwan with focus in dram and flash based memory products since 1993 . since then , geil has been concentrating in memory module design and manufacturing technology . the company employs around 300 people as of q1 2009 with distribution in 50 countries worldwide . geils headquarters is located in taipei , taiwan , with branches in hong kong and china .
aktia bank plc is a finnish bank owned by finnish savings bank foundations , institutions , savings banks and private individuals . its range covers the bilingual seaboard of finland and certain cities . it has about 380,000 customers and 45 branches around finland . the name aktia is derived from the greek language word akti , which means coast . aktia used to serve as the central financial institute for savings and local co-operative banks .
john penn and sons was an english engineering company based in london , england , mainly known for its marine steam engines .
impactflow is an online fundraising platform for nonprofits , businesses and individuals . using its online dashboard , donors can discover and support nonprofits in their local community or beyond . hundreds of businesses use impactflow to donate to causes , and nonprofits such as make-a-wish foundation and girls inc. use the platform to raise money and partner with businesses . impactflow offers tools for event management , donations and social media publishing .
orca is a new zealand company that makes wetsuits and sports apparel , primarily for triathletes .
lucidworks is a san francisco , california-based enterprise search technology company offering an application development platform , commercial support , consulting , training and value-add software for open source apache lucene and apache solr . lucidworks is a private company founded as lucid imagination in 2007 and publicly launched on january 26 , 2009 . the company was renamed to lucidworks on august 8 , 2012 .
automatic duck is a software developer based near seattle known for their plug-ins that translate edited sequences between final cut pro , avid , after effects , quantel , pro tools and other professional digital video editing tools .
public utility district no. 1 of clark county , doing business as clark public utilities and commonly referred to as clark pud , is a public utility district in clark county , washington .
the enerpac business is a division of actuant , a $ 1.5 billion diversified global manufacturing company , and is headquartered in menomonee falls , wisconsin . enerpac primarily plays in the high-pressure hydraulics market with locations in north and south america , europe , africa , russia , the middle east , asia , australia , and new zealand . the business has 28 offices in 22 different countries and over 1,000 employees .
alipay is a third-party mobile and online payment platform , established in hangzhou , china in february 2004 by alibaba group and its founder jack ma . in 2015 , alipay moved its headquarters to pudong , shanghai , although its parent company ant financial remains hangzhou-based . alipay overtook paypal as the worlds largest mobile payment platform in 2013 .
opi products , branded as opi , is an american nail polish manufacturer headquartered in north hollywood , california and a subsidiary of coty , inc. .
nedgraphics is a software/information technology company specialized in infrastructure , civil engineering , survey , town planning and data management . nedgraphics is specialized in offering information technology solutions to create , manage & share digital design and geographical information .
fraport ag frankfurt airport services worldwide , commonly known as fraport , is a german transport company which operates frankfurt airport in frankfurt am main and holds interests in the operation of several other airports around the world . in the past the firm also managed the smaller frankfurt-hahn airport located 130 kilometers west of the city . it is listed on both the xetra and the frankfurt stock exchange . the companys current chief executive officer is stefan schulte .
pratts is a gentlemens club in london . it was established in 1857 , with premises in a house in park place , off st jamess street , and close to the ritz london .
the co-operators group limited , founded in 1945 , is a canadian insurance co-operative owned by 44 members including co-ops , credit union centrals and representative farm organizations . it is one of the leading canadian-owned multi-line insurers , offering auto , home , life , farm , travel and business insurance as well as investments . the company was started by farmers in saskatchewan , in 1945 . the co-operators group ltd. is a co-operative based in guelph , ontario .
efresh.com is a privately owned business headquartered in the netherlands . it specializes in business-to-business trade , online retail , a payment platform , business management software and global classified listings .
guesttoguest is the largest home exchange network . it has 270,000 residences listed in 187 countries . it is an example of the barter economy there is generally no money exchanged between the host and the guest . the service is most popular in italy .
cartoncloud is an australian-based software company that develops cloud-based transport and logistics software for small and medium-sized businesses . the company has offices in new zealand and australia . it is a privately held company with international shareholders . its products are based on the software as a service model and sold by subscription , based on the size of the transport or warehousing company .
ntt docomo , inc . is the predominant mobile phone operator in japan . the name is officially an abbreviation of the phrase , do communications over the mobile network , and is also from a compound word dokomo , meaning everywhere in japanese . docomo provides phone , video phone , i-mode , and mail services . the companys headquarters are in the sanno park tower , nagatach , chiyoda , tokyo .
the norwegian news agency is a norwegian press agency and wire service that serves most of the largest norwegian media outlets . the agency is located in oslo and has bureaus in brussels in belgium and troms in northern norway . the photo agency scanpix is a wholly owned subsidiary of ntb .
her interactive is a video game company based in bellevue , washington . the company was founded as a division of american laser games , and spun off as an independent entity . it later bought out its former parent company . the company designs , develops and publishes adventure-mystery games , most of which are based on the nancy drew franchise .
bonapp , inc. is a social enterprise in cambridge , massachusetts founded by laurent adamowicz , a 2011 senior fellow of the advanced leadership initiative at harvard university . bonapp is an open platform that includes applications for apple mobile devices , android phones , and a website . the bonapp application is type - and voice-powered , instantly telling users what is in their food with a simple language of calories , sugar , salt , and bad fat .
toyota motor corporation is a japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in toyota , aichi , japan . in 2017 , toyotas corporate structure consisted of 364,445 employees worldwide and , as of october 2017 , was the fifth-largest company in the world by revenue . as of 2017 , toyota is the worlds second-largest automotive manufacturer .
stag arms is a firearms manufacturer founded in may 2003 and located in new britain , connecticut . stag arms is a manufacturer of the ar-15 type rifle , marketed as stag-15 rifles . stag advertises that all their weapons and accessories are made in the united states .
bookmans , officially known as bookmans entertainment exchange , is the largest used book retailer based in arizona . it was founded in 1976 by bob oldfather , who is the current president of the company . besides books , the store also sells magazines , cds , dvds , electronics , video games , musical instruments . all six stores have free access to wi-fi internet . bookmans stores are located in tucson , mesa , phoenix and flagstaff .
methodist womens hospital is one of three major facilities comprising the nebraska methodist health system . the hospital is located at 707 n 190th plaza in elkhorn , nebraska . in 2010 , methodist health system opened the doors to the methodist womens hospital , thus launching the regions only medical campus devoted to women . since its debut , more babies have been delivered at methodist womens hospital than any other hospital in the metro area .
polar ice cream sdn bhd is one of the largest ice cream suppliers company in malaysia since 1988 . the company produces a variety of ice cream that is distributed in supermarkets , convenience stores , food services and mobile hawkers all over malaysia .
alcorn mcbride is an american manufacturer of show control , audio and video equipment for the themed entertainment industry . their equipment is used in theme parks , museums , restaurants , visitor centers , retail stores , kiosks , cruise ships , and trade shows .
sanhua holding group co. , ltd. -LRB- -RRB- is a global manufacturer of controls and components for the hvac & refrigeration industries .
mystate limited is an australian financial group , headquartered in hobart , tasmania . it formed in 2009 following the merger of the tasmanian perpetual trustees and mystate financial . in 2011 it further purchased the queensland-based rock building society for $ 68.3 million aud . in october 2014 , its largest section , mystate financial received authorisation from the australian prudential regulation authority to rename itself to mystate bank .
ratbag games pty ltd was an australian developer of video games such as powerslide , the dukes of hazzard : return of the general lee and world of outlaws : sprint cars 2002 .
sterling trucks corporation is a former american truck manufacturer of class 5-8 trucks . taking on its name from a defunct american truck manufacturer , sterling was formed in 1997 as freightliner acquired the rights to the heavy-truck product lines of ford motor company . sterling-brand trucks were sold in the united states , canada , mexico , australia , and new zealand .
whole foods market inc. is an american supermarket chain that specializes in selling organic foods products without artificial additive products for growing foods , colors , flavors , sweeteners , and hydrogenated fats . it has 479 stores in north america and the united kingdom . on august 23 , 2017 , it was reported that the federal trade commission approved the merger between amazon.com and whole foods market . the following day it was announced that the deal would be closed on august 28 , 2017 .
nn group n.v. is the parent company of nationale-nederlanden ional nedrlnde -RSB- -RRB- and nn investment partners . nationale-nederlanden is one of the largest insurance and asset management companies in the netherlands . nn group is headquartered in the hague , its office in rotterdam is located in the skyscraper gebouw delftse poort , which was the tallest skyscraper in the netherlands until 2009 .
andeavor , formerly known as tesoro corporation , or simply as tesoro , is a fortune 100 and a fortune global 500 company headquartered in texas at san antonio , with 2013 annual revenues of $ 37 billion , and over 13,000 employees worldwide . andeavor is an independent refiner and marketer of petroleum products , operating ten refineries in the western united states with a combined rated crude oil capacity of approximately 1,200,000 barrels per day .
time bank zimbabwe limited , also referred to as time bank zimbabwe , but commonly known as time bank , is commercial bank in zimbabwe . it is one of the seventeen licensed commercial banks in the country .
tantra is one of the most popular nightclubs of kolkata . this nightclub is a property of the park , kolkata . it is located at 17 park street . saturday nights are the night parties and wednesdays are hip hop nights at this nightclub .
the foreign trade bank of the democratic peoples republic of korea is north koreas primary foreign exchange bank , and is owned and run by the north korean government . on march 11 , 2013 , the united states designated the bank as falling under us executive order 13382 , which applies to proliferators of weapons of mass destruction and their supporters . the order freezes all assets , and prohibits any transactions between us entities and the bank .
mongodb inc. is an american software company that develops and provides commercial support for the open source database mongodb , a nosql database that stores data in json-like documents with flexible schemas .
orica limited is an australian-based multinational corporation that is one of the worlds largest provider of commercial explosives and blasting systems to the mining , quarrying , oil and gas and construction markets , a supplier of sodium cyanide for gold extraction , and a specialist provider of ground support services in mining and tunnelling . founded in 1874 , has a workforce of around 11,500 employees and contractors , servicing customers across more than 100 countries .
transnational foods is a us-based food vendor company known for offering leading supermarkets , wholesalers , dollar stores , convenience stores and distributors a wide range of products through its own brands or through private labels .
grupa azoty zakady chemiczne police s.a. is a polish company in the chemical synthesis industry , based in police , lesser poland voivodeship , poland since . the company was established in 1964 . production started in 1969 , and in 1995 it was transformed into joint stock company s.a. since 14 july 2005 the company is publicly traded on the warsaw stock exchange .
pennwell corporation is a family-owned , diversified business-to-business ded-tree press publisher founded in 1910 and based in tulsa , oklahoma . pennwell publishes 45 business-to-business magazines and newsletters , conducts over 60 conferences and exhibitions on six continents , and also offers books , maps , directories and database services . in 2011 it acquired a data mapping company and also expanded its publications in the technology field .
avianca s.a. is a colombian airline that has been the national airline and flag carrier of colombia since 5 december 1919 , when it was initially registered under the name scadta . it is headquartered in bogot , d.c. with its main hub at el dorado international airport .
sportsetter is a finnish startup focused on a mobile-first fitness discovery and booking service . the company was founded by niko karstikko in helsinki , finland in 2012 . users are presented with a curated list of things to do , including last-minute classes and courses , which can be booked direct on the app or via the website . sportsetter now works with the leading employee benefits provider in finland , smartum .
compaa colombiana automotriz s.a. was a car factory based in bogot , colombia . founded in the early 1960s as leonidas lara e hijos , it assumed its current name with the beginning of its association with fiat in 1973 . they have manufactured various cars under license , including vehicles from willys overland , fiat , zastava , fiat polski , peugeot , and mitsubishi .
indian trails , inc. is an inter-city bus company based in owosso , michigan , with offices in romulus and kalamazoo .
happys pizza is an american regional chain of restaurants , serving pizza , ribs , chicken , seafood , sandwiches , pasta and salad .
star aviation is an airline based at hassi messaoud , algeria . it operates domestic services and its main base is oued irarakrim belkacem airport , hassi messaoud .
webster bank is a us commercial bank based in waterbury , connecticut . it has 177 branches and 316 atms located in connecticut , massachusetts , rhode island and westchester county , new york .
realty income corporation is a real estate investment trust that invests in shopping centers in the united states and puerto rico that are subject to nnn leases . the company is organized in maryland with its headquarters in san diego , california . the company is one of a few real estate investment trusts that pays dividends monthly , rather than quarterly .
xl group ltd is a global insurance and reinsurance company headquartered in hamilton , bermuda with executive offices in stamford , connecticut , united states . the company has more than 100 offices on 6 continents . the company is ranked 738th on the forbes global 2000 list of the largest public companies in the world . in 2016 , the company wrote $ 13.890 billion in gross premiums , of which 69 % was insurance , 29 % was reinsurance , and 2 % was other .
appliansys , founded in 2000 , is a privately held venture capital-backed technology company based in coventry , united kingdom . it designs , builds and markets internet server appliances that are deployed in more than 135 countries . forrester research have listed appliansys as being a key vendor in the worldwide ip address management market , with its dns engine used in a third of all gprs networks .
piedmont natural gas company , inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of duke energy . piedmont is an energy services company whose principal business is the distribution of natural gas to over one million residential , commercial , industrial and power generation customers in portions of north carolina , south carolina and tennessee , including customers served by municipalities who are their wholesale customers .
flexform spa is an italian company with its head office in meda , italy , at the centre of the furniture production district of la brianza . founded in 1959 by the galimberti brothers , the company designs , produces and markets furniture and furnishing accessories for residential and public use .
wisdomtree investments , inc. is a new york-based exchange-traded fund and exchange-traded product sponsor and asset manager . wisdomtree launched its first etfs in june 2006 , and is currently the industrys fifth largest etf provider in the united states . wisdomtree sponsors 92 distinct etfs that span asset classes and countries around the world . categories include : u.s. and international equity , currency , fixed income and alternatives .
china mengniu dairy company limited is a manufacturing and distribution company of dairy products and ice cream in the peoples republic of china . the company is based in inner mongolia and manufactures dairy products under the mengniu brand . in july 2009 , mengniu sold a 20 % stake to a consortium led by state-owned china national oils , foodstuffs and cereals corp , chinas largest importer and exporter of food . that sale made the state the single largest shareholder .
loehle aircraft corporation is an aircraft manufacturer located in wartrace , tennessee , that produces aircraft kits and a complete line of paints for all types of aircraft , including metal , composite and fabric covered . it has been manufacturing aircraft kits for 40 years , with aircraft being built and flown in 26 countries .
glassbridge enterprises , known as imation corporation prior to 2017 , is an american holding company . through the companys two subsidiaries , glassbridge focuses primarily on investment , asset management and global enterprise data storage .
schnucks is a supermarket chain . established in the st. louis area , the company was started in 1939 with the opening of a 1,000-square-foot store in north st. louis and now operates 100 stores in five states throughout the midwest . schnucks also ran stores under the logli supermarkets and hilander foods banners . schnucks is one of the largest privately held supermarket chains in the united states and dominates the st. louis metro grocery market .
foxcon aviation & research pty ltd , is an australian aircraft manufacturer based in mackay , queensland that was founded in 1995 . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of light aircraft in the form of kits for amateur construction and ready-to-fly aircraft . the company was formed to manufacture extremely competitive high performance light aircraft at an affordable price .
lg corporation , formerly lucky-goldstar , is a south korean multinational conglomerate corporation . it is the fourth-largest chaebol in south korea . it is headquartered in the lg twin towers building in yeouido-dong , yeongdeungpo-gu , seoul . lg makes electronics , chemicals , and telecom products and operates subsidiaries such as lg electronics , zenith , lg display , lg uplus , lg innotek and lg chem in over 80 countries .
namiki precision jewel co. , ltd. is a japanese component manufacturing company based in tokyo , japan . the company was founded in 1939 as a manufacturer of synthetic sapphire jewel bearings for electrical measuring instruments . namiki supplies industrial jewel parts , dc coreless and dc brushless motors , multi-functional vibration components , precision gearheads , medical equipment , watch exterior parts , and other precision components .
clr is a scottish gaelic publisher . established in 1996 , the company is run on a voluntary , independent basis and based in inverness , scotland . it is the publisher for the r-sgeul project , specialising in new gaelic fiction .
rsa insurance group plc is a british multinational general insurance company headquartered in london , united kingdom . rsa has major operations in the uk & ireland , scandinavia and canada and provides insurance products and services in more than 140 countries through a network of local partners . it has 17 million customers .
avex taiwan inc is an entertainment and record label based in taiwan . it was founded in july 1998 and is a foreign consolidated subsidiary of parent company avex group , based in japan . as of 2015 , avex taiwan is managed by avex international holdings proprietary ltd. its main businesses are planning , creation , and sales of music and video .
civil and civic was an australian company acquired in 1961 by lend lease corporation .
recycled energy development , llc aims to profitably reduce greenhouse gas emissions by capturing and recycling waste energy , especially through cogeneration and waste heat recovery .
petroleum development oman is the major oil exploration and production company in the sultanate of oman . it accounts for about 70 % of the countrys crude oil production and nearly all of its natural gas supply . the company is owned by the government of oman , the shell group , total and partex . gas fields and processing plants are operated by pdo exclusively on behalf of the government .
funding circle is a peer-to-peer lending marketplace that allows investors to lend money directly to small and medium-sized businesses . funding circle was the first website to use the process of peer-to-peer lending for business funding in the uk , and now operates in the uk , us , germany , spain , and the netherlands . as of may 2017 , funding circle has facilitated over 2.2 billion in loans to small and medium-sized firms .
daily journal corporation is an american publishing company and technology company headquartered in los angeles , california . the company has offices in corona , oakland , riverside , sacramento , san diego , san francisco , san jose and santa ana in california , and in denver , colo. , logan , utah , and phoenix , arizona .
tdx group is a data and technology company that specialises in providing creditors platforms , tools and services to maximise returns from debt portfolios . tdx was founded in 2004 by mark onyett , with venture capital investment from blenheim chalcot . in 2008 tdx group secured an investment from investcorp technology partners , the technology private equity arm of alternative investment manager investcorp . in january 2014 , equifax acquired tdx group from investcorp for 200m .
howard books is a christian publishing company founded in 1969 and previously based in west monroe , louisiana , but which relocated to brentwood , tennessee , in september 2009 . in 2009 , howard books relocated to l.a. after the resignation of president , john howard . howard books publishes inspirational content .
all walks beyond the catwalk is an award-winning initiative founded by caryn franklin , debra bourne and erin oconnor in 2009 to challenge the fashion industrys dependence on what it sees as unachievable and limited body and beauty ideals . the voluntary organisation has contributed to a variety of parliamentary campaigns and engaged with 33 different colleges and universities with its education programme .
genesee , derived from the seneca word for pleasant valley , may refer to : .
tirrenia compagnia italiana di navigazione is an italian , privately owned , shipping company contracted by the ministry of transportation to provide an essential link between the major islands and the mainland . it operates a fleet of 23 vessels on internal italian routes .
atari corporation was an american manufacturer of computers and video game consoles from 1984 to 1996 . atari corp. was founded in july 1984 when warner communications sold the home computing and game console divisions of atari , inc. to jack tramiel . its chief products were the atari st , atari xe , atari 7800 , atari lynx , and atari jaguar . the company reverse merged with jts inc. in 1996 , becoming a small division , which itself closed when jts liquidated the ip to hasbro interactive in 1998 .
the general urquiza railway , named after the argentine general and politician justo jos de urquiza , is a standard gauge railway of argentina which runs approximately northwards from buenos aires to posadas , with several branches in between . it was also one of the six state-owned argentine railway companies formed after president juan perns nationalisation of the railway network in 1948 .
the boston evening transcript was a daily afternoon newspaper in boston , massachusetts , published from july 24 , 1830 , to april 30 , 1941 .
spinlock is a technology based company specialized in the manufacture and development of nuclear magnetic resonance and nuclear quadrupole resonance equipment .
the park national bank is the lead bank in the $ 7.5 billion park national corporation serving ohio and northern kentucky . the bank has 11 affiliate banks , including : fairfield national bank park national bank , park national bank : southwest ohio & northern kentucky farmers and savings bank united bank first-knox national bank richland bank second national bank security national bank unity national bank guardian finance company southeast property holdings and scope leasing .
skymet weather services is a private indian company that provides weather forecast and solutions to indians . skymet was the first private sector entity to provide weather forecasts and weather graphics to the indian media in 2003 . skymet was founded by jatin singh in 2003 and is headquartered in noida , india . today skymet provides weather service and graphics to most of indian media companies in india , such as zee news , aaj tak , sahara samay , mint , times now , abp and the hindu .
extra space storage is a us provider of self-storage units , with 1,483 facilities across 39 states plus washington , d.c. and puerto rico . headquartered in cottonwood heights , utah , extra space storage is the second largest owner and/or operator of self-storage properties in the united states , as well as the largest self-storage management company .
kyagalanyi coffee limited is a private company in uganda , involved in coffee procurement , processing and export .
opendatasoft is a private software company specialized in transforming structured data into api and visualizations . founded in 2011 , opendatasoft targets non-technical users who wish to share and visualize data related to various topics . opendatasoft allows restricted and open sharing ecosystems like open data portals .
the jockey club live is a live music promoter company , who work alongside the jockey club to produce large scale outdoor concerts at major racecourses . the jockey club live was founded by andrew wilkinson and simon halden , who previously worked on tours for acts such as the rolling stones , pink floyd , robbie williams and kylie minogue .
healthcare at home is the marketleading , commercial , out of hospital clinical provider established in 1992 by founder and former chairman charles walsh based in burton on trent . the company supplies a wide range of pharmaceuticals and home healthcare with around 1,500 employees caring for more than 160,000 patients per year .
casa da ndia was the portuguese organization that managed all overseas territories during the heyday of the portuguese empire in the 16th century . it was both the central authority for managing all aspects of overseas trade , the central shipment point and clearing house . as an economic institution , it worked like a feitoria , being the most important economic institution in portugal of the time .
cashcashpinoy is a privately held online website that sells discounted products , services and travel packages voucher that is located in the philippines . formerly located at lepanto building makati , the office is now located in pasig city , philippines . the website was officially launched in september 2010 and as of 2015 it has 1.5 million members .
arelik a. . is a household appliances manufacturer from turkey . the company engages in the production and marketing of durable goods , components , consumer electronics and after-sale services . its products include white goods , electronic products , small home appliances and kitchen accessories , such as refrigerators , freezers , washing machines , dishwashers , aspirators , vacuum cleaners , coffee makers and blenders .
gerresheimer ag is a german manufacturer of primary packaging products for medication and drug delivery devices made of special-purpose glass and plastics with headquarters in dsseldorffor the pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries . the company has production operations in europe , the americas and asia .
haglfs was founded in 1914 in sweden by wiktor haglf and is today one of the worlds largest suppliers of outdoor equipment . haglfs currently markets more than 500 products in three product areas : hardware , clothing , and footwear . haglfs has more than 200 employees and is active in 25 markets through a network of its own companies and distributors . sales for 2015 amounted to sek 776 million . on 12 july 2010 , asics purchased haglfs , for sek1 ,000,000,000 .
citic guoan information industry co. , ltd. is a chinese publicly traded company in the computer network infrastructure and information service industries . it includes the construction and operation of cable television networks and satellite information networks , the network system integration , software development and value-added telecommunications services . it was founded in 1997 by its parent company , state-owned enterprise citic guoan group .
earthscan is an english-language publisher of books and journals on climate change , sustainable development and environmental technology for academic , professional and general readers .
phoenix contact manufactures industrial automation , interconnection , and interface solutions . founded in 1923 in essen , germany , phoenix contact developed the first modular terminal block . phoenix contact offers products including : terminal blocks , relays , connectors , signal conditioners , power supplies , controllers & plcs , i/o systems , industrial ethernet , controller system cabling , pcb terminal blocks & connectors , and surge suppression .
carolina foods incorporated is a private confectionery corporation and bakery headquartered in charlotte , north carolina , united states . founded in 1934 , it is known for its duchess brand honey buns and doughnuts and has been featured on the food network .
engagio is an american software products company based in san mateo , california . it provides marketing software products in the niche of account-based marketing and account-based sales . engagios software is used with marketing automation platforms of b2b companies to help manage the process of approaching specific potential clients with particular . engagios clients include business software companies like vmware , new relic , guidewire , hearsay social , and hortonworks .
raimon land plc is a real estate developer in thailand . it has been listed on the stock exchange of thailand on september 10 , 1993 , first under symbol raimon , and later as rml since may 2012 . raimon land focuses on developing mid-to-high-end condominium , niche town house and villa projects in bangkok and thailands main resort locations of pattaya and phuket .
the aldermaston brewery was a brewery located near aldermaston in berkshire , uk .
limmat verlag is a swiss publishing house , headquartered at quellenstrasse 25 , 8003 zrich , switzerland . founded in 1975 in zrich , it is specialized in political history .
gnrale occidentale is a french investment company .
page one is a bookstore chain and publisher founded in singapore by mark tan -LRB- -RRB- , with locations in singapore , hong kong , taiwan , malaysia , and thailand . traditionally focused on english language books , it has recently expanded into the chinese language market . however the shops have been closed in singapore in 2011 , taiwan in 2015 and hong kong in november , 2016 .
american president lines ltd. , along with its parent company cma cgm , is the worlds third-largest container transportation and shipping company , providing more than 80 weekly services . apl operates a container-ship fleet , including 153 container vessels . formerly a subsidiary of neptune orient lines , it is now a wholly owned subsidiary of cma cgm , a global transportation and logistics company engaged in shipping and related businesses based in france .
velvet ice cream , is an ice cream manufacturer located in utica , ohio .
streamline studios is a video game development and art outsourcing company . the studio has been employed by major game publishers , film studios , and brands , including square enixs final fantasy xv , capcoms street fighter v , take 2s bioshock infinite , james camerons avatar , and coca-cola . streamline studios has been utilizing their own project management software , streamframe in most of their productions .
vti instruments sells precision instrumentation for electronic signal distribution , data acquisition and monitoring . the companys products are used to automate the functional testing of complex electronic systems as well as to monitor and record data that characterizes the physical integrity of aircraft , engines , and other large structures . formerly known as vxi technology , vti serves the following markets : aerospace , defense , and energy and power generation .
butlers chocolates is an irish owned manufacturer of luxury chocolate and chocolate products which operates from a custom built production facility in north dublin . founded by ms. bailey-butler in 1932 , butlers chocolates has been owned by the sorensen family since 1959 it produces a wide range of confectionery products including chocolate assortments , truffles , fudge , toffee , chocolate bars and seasonal novelties . the company has also created a chain of butlers chocolate cafes .
jotform is a san francisco-based online form building company . jotforms software creates forms with a drag and drop creation tool and an option to encrypt user data . as of 2015 , jotform had 2 million registered users and 7,000 form templates . the forms can be integrated on external sites including mailchimp , paypal , stripe , and salesforce .
scigenom labs is a genomics company with facilities in india and usa . they are certified nabl , iso and dsir-goi recognised . started in 2009 the company has over 100 employees spread across its facilities .
fansnap was an online search engine for live event tickets , based in palo alto , california . founded in 2007 , fansnap aggregated event-level ticket data from event ticket providers .
maggies organics is a brand of clothing and toys made from certified organic cotton and wool fibers , using fair trade production and distribution methods . they are considered notable for their involvement in the development of organic and fair trade standards for apparel . the company was founded in 1992 , and so are the oldest surviving organic apparel company in the us .
kalpana , a computer-networking equipment manufacturer located in silicon valley , operated during the 1980s and 1990s . its co-founders , vinod bhardwaj , an entrepreneur of indian origin , and larry blair named the company after bhardwajs wife , kalpana , whose name means imagination in sanskrit . charles giancarlo was kalpanas vice president of products and corporate development , became its general manager , and went on to roles at cisco systems and silver lake partners .
pkp informatyka is a company of pkp group responsible for supplying polish railroad operators with it technology . the company was founded after dividing polskie koleje pastwowe into several dozens companies to meet european union standards .
resonate group limited is a british software , technology and services company . it was called deltarail group limited until renamed and re-branded in september 2016 . the company was formed from rail business of aea technology plc which was acquired as part of a secondary private equity portfolio sale to vision capital in 2006 .
cisco systems , inc. is an american multinational technology conglomerate headquartered in san jose , california , in the center of silicon valley , that develops , manufactures and sells networking hardware , telecommunications equipment and other high-technology services and products . through its numerous acquired subsidiaries , such as opendns , webex , jabber and jasper , cisco specializes into specific tech markets , such as internet of things , domain security and energy management .
firstenergy corp is an electric utility headquartered in akron , ohio . its subsidiaries and affiliates are involved in the distribution , transmission , and generation of electricity , as well as energy management and other energy-related services .
china nepstar chain drugstore ltd. , doing business as china nepstar , is chinas largest retail drugstore chain on the number of directly operated stores . its head office is on the 6th floor of block b of the xinnengyuan building in nanshan district , shenzhen .
alfred krcher gmbh & co. kg is a german family-owned company that operates worldwide and is known for its high-pressure cleaners , floor care equipment , parts cleaning systems , wash water treatment , military decontamination equipment and window vacuum cleaners . headquartered in winnenden , germany , it produces both cleaning equipment and full cleaning systems . the world market leader in cleaning technology , employs more than 10,000 people worldwide .
sourcehov llc is a technology-enabled business services company headquartered in dallas , texas . it provides enterprise information management and transaction processing services in the bpo industry . in february 2017 , novitex enterprise solutions , sourcehov and quinpario acquisition corp. 2 announced that they will merge to create exela technologies , a solutions provider for financial technology and business services .
times supermarkets is an american supermarket chain , headquartered in honolulu , hawaii . times operates 24 stores throughout the state of hawaii , 17 using the times banner , five operating under the big save brand on kauai , one specialty food/liquor store under the fujiokas wine times name , and one location operating as shimas supermarket in waimanalo , hawaii . a supermarket with everyday low prices is their current slogan .
star uranium is a canadian resource company with its head office in saskatoon , saskatchewan . the company is focused on the acquisition , exploration and development of uranium , diamond and other precious metal properties .
the firm is a film and television production and talent management company based in santa monica , california . established in 1997 , it ceased operations in november 2008 and was relaunched by its founder , jeff kwatinetz , in august 2015 . the firms divisions also include a record label and a marketing group .
maxposure media group , stylized as maxposure media , is a content marketing company in the genres of travel , hospitality , retail , automobile , entertainment , fmcg and real estate around the world . it offers omnichannel solutions ranging from digital content , video , magazines , social media , mobile apps , augumented realty , and events . maxposures key clients include air arabia sharjah , air arabia maroc , indian railways air india , gulf air , saudigulf airlines , vistara airlines -LRB- .
for the los angeles punk rock band , see the dickies . for the restaurant , see dickeys barbecue pit . williamson-dickie manufacturing company , more commonly referred to as dickies , is an american company headquartered in fort worth , texas that manufactures and sells work-related clothing and other accessories , including back packs , steel-toe boots , and belts . its major competitors are ben davis , carhartt , red kap and dockers .
rivercity motorway group is a queensland company , now in liquidation , that operated brisbanes first private tollwaythe clem jones tunnel . they also established flow tolling , a tolling service provider . rivercity motorways group won the rights to be the maintainer of the clem jones tunnel . when the tunnel opened in 2010 it was to have a concession period of 45 years before it was handed back to the city of brisbane .
jackson & woodin manufacturing company , also called jackson & woodin car works , was an american railroad freight car manufacturing company of the late 19th century headquartered in berwick , pennsylvania . in 1899 , jackson and woodin was merged with twelve other freight car manufacturing companies to form american car & foundry company .
atimi software is a canadian software company that develops mobile application software and provides consulting services . based in vancouver , british columbia , atimi has roughly 80 employees . founded in 2001 , atimi began as a cross-platform desktop application porting and development company . although atimi developed and ported for the macintosh , microsoft and linux operating systems , their area of focus has always been the macintosh operating system .
corma inc. is a manufacturer of corrugated plastic pipe production systems headquartered near toronto , canada . the companys headquarters and principal manufacturing plant are located in concord , ontario . corma also maintains its own aluminum alloy foundry , located in forest , ontario , where it forms the mold blocks used in its corrugators .
the center for the development of recycling , also known as the county of santa clara recycling hotline , is a university-based , non-profit , environmental research and service organization . the cdr is located in the department of environmental studies office at san jose state university . faculty-managed students work on recycling-related projects for the community .
benjamin moore may refer to : benjamin moore , episcopal bishop of new yorkbenjamin moore , british biochemistbenjamin moore & co. , also known as benjamin moore paintsbenjamin d. moore , killed in the battle of san pasqual on december 6 , 1846benjamin e. moore , new york assemblyman 1914 .
accord plc , previously accord operations , was a public services provider based in hertfordshire , england .
sparebanken st is a norwegian savings bank , headquartered in drammen , norway . the banks main market is the eastern part of norway . the bank was established in 1843 .
freeconferencecall.com is an audio , web and video conferencing company based in long beach , california . the service is available over the phone , as a web-based voice over internet protocol service , unified communications as a service cloud-based online platform , and as an app on ios and android . it is the largest privately owned conference calling service in the united states , with over 800,000 users .
caf rimon is a kosher restaurant chain in israel with three locations in jerusalem , with a fourth located in beit shemesh .
works applications co. , ltd. is an erp system manufacturer in japan , headquartered in tokyo , minato-ku . it has business in the development , sales and support package system . its product ai works is a cloud-based erp system based on machine learning technologies to automate tasks and improve processes .
liberties press is an ireland-based publisher of non-fiction titles of irish and international interest . the company was first launched in 2003 by peter oconnell and sen okeeffe and has since published on a wide range of subjects . liberties press received controversy in 2012 after it agreed to publish when we dance by melanie verwoerd , after businessman dave kavanagh filed an injunction to keep the book from being released .
real is a european hypermarket , member of the german trade and retail giant metro ag . it was formed in 1992 , from the merger of chains divi , basar , continent , esbella and real-kauf .
rrstrand porcelain was one of the most famous swedish porcelain manufacturers , with production initially at karlberg sea on kungsholmen in stockholm .
anthera pharmaceuticals , inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products to treat serious conditions associated with cystic fibrosis , inflammation and autoimmune diseases . liprotamase , antheras leading drug candidate which is being developed for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency is currently in phase 3 clinical trials , and a-623 for the treatment of iga nephropathy is currently in phase 2 clinical trial .
florida beer company is a brewery in cape canaveral , florida .
keku is a voip company based in new york city , in the united states . keku , formed in april 2010 , currently offers international calling to its users by assigning local numbers to contacts in 41 different countries . keku uses its own patented smart dial technology for its services . users can make use of kekus services via its ios , android and google chrome apps as well as in-browser calling from keku.com .
european pressphoto agency b.v. is an international news photo agency . images from all parts of the world covering news , politics , sports , business , finance as well as arts , culture and entertainment are provided by a global network of over 400 professional photographers and included in the epa news photo service .
the new city initiative nci is an independent think tank concerned with issues surrounding financial reform , many of which have damaged the public perception of the industry . it was founded in 2010 by daniel pinto and derek laud , who became its first executive director in 2010 -LSB- stanhope capital -RSB- and extended its membership in 2011 to include non-uk members .
colour yellow productions is an indian motion picture production company founded by bollywood director and producer anand l. rai . colour yellow productions has produced successful films that include tanu weds manu , raanjhanaa , tanu weds manu : returns , nil battey sannata and happy bhag jayegi .
kings family restaurants is a chain of family restaurants based in north versailles , pennsylvania . it has locations in pennsylvania and ohio . kings logo has scarlet colored lettering , with a saffron outline .
taito corporation is a japanese video game developer and publisher of arcade hardware and mobile phones , and an operator of video arcades . it is also a former publisher of home video games . taito is wholly owned by square enix holdings . despite being a subsidiary to square enix holdings , the parent company has kept the branding of taito distinct from square enix . taito is known for producing hit arcade games , such as space invaders , bubble bobble , and arkanoid .
chemaxon is a software company specializing in application programming interfaces and end user applications for cheminformatics and life science research with headquarters in budapest , hungary and cambridge , massachusetts . the companys main customer base consists of pharmaceutical , agrochemical and biotechnology companies , as well as academic research groups and third parties wishing to integrate cheminformatic functionalities in their products and services .
bad animals studio is a music and media recording studio on 4th avenue in downtown seattle . it was founded as steve lawson productions by steve and debbie lawson in 1979 . in 1999 steve lawson sold bad animals to mike mcauliffe , dave howe , charlie nordstrom and tom mcgurk .
aerosport oy is an estonian aircraft manufacturer based in keila . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of powered parachutes and paramotors in the form of ready-to-fly aircraft for the us far 103 ultralight vehicles rules and the european fdration aronautique internationale microlight category . the company produces lines of both powered parachutes and paramotors that are noted for their wide choice of engine , propeller and reduction drive combinations .
general aircraft limited was a british aircraft manufacturer from its formation in 1931 to amalgamation with blackburn aircraft in 1949 to become blackburn and general . its main products were military gliders and light transport aircraft .
hobbycraft is an arts and crafts superstore retail chain in the united kingdom . when the company started out there were only small independent arts and crafts suppliers , however a number of other online and high street retail chains now operate in the same market place as hobbycraft .
black bar n burger is an israeli hamburger and bar chain with 14 locations around the country . the chain provides 12 different burger varieties , all named after people in american pop culture . they provide vegetarian burgers as well as offering gluten-free buns , in an attempt to expand their customer base . the locations have large bars with a wide variety of beers , cocktails and liquor .
seasons 52 is an american fresh grill and wine bar developed in 2003 . the brand concept is to deliver a casually sophisticated atmosphere , seasonal menu , and offer fresh ingredients to deliver menu items that are naturally lighter . as of may 2015 , there are 41 locations in the united states throughout 19 different states . the restaurants core menu changes four times a year with each season . the menu is printed weekly and includes limited time seasonal features whats good now .
big 5 sporting goods is a sporting goods retailer headquartered in el segundo , california with 420 stores in arizona , california , colorado , idaho , nevada , new mexico , oregon , texas , utah , washington and wyoming . steven g. miller is the chairman , president , and ceo.the big 5 name is derived from its start in 1955 as five army-navy surplus stores in southern california . in 1988 , sportswest and sportsland were acquired from pay n save .
pilatus aircraft ltd. is an aerospace manufacturer located in stans , switzerland . in june 2016 , the company employed 1,905 people . the company has mostly produced aircraft for niche markets , in particular stol aircraft as well as military training aircraft . in the 1990s , with the introduction of the pc-12 , a single-engine turboprop aircraft , pilatus opened up a broader civilian market . with the pc-24 , it offers a twin-engined stol jet aircraft capable from operating from unpaved runways .
vf corporation is an american worldwide apparel and footwear company founded in 1899 and headquartered in greensboro , north carolina . the companys more than 30 brands are organized into five product categories : outdoor & action sports , jeanswear , imagewear , sportswear and contemporary brands . the company controls 55 % of the u.s. backpack market with the jansport , eastpak , timberland and north face brands .
aptalis was a company in the pharmaceutical industry . in january 2014 , the company was acquired by forest laboratories for $ 675 million .
llc tyumenniigiprogas is a tyumen based parent company of oao gazprom for designing , developing , equipping and operation of gas and gas condensate-oil fields in western siberia . research results and design solutions of tngg engineers are being put to practice in operations in west and east siberias , while oilfield service products of experimental plant are marketed all over the country .
mako surgical corp. was a publicly traded medical device company based in florida .
miraj cinemas is a division of miraj entertainment limited , the entertainment wing of miraj group . after production and release of movies like sona spa and madaari , miraj group ventured in the cinema exhibition business in 2012 with miraj entertainment . after opening 4 multiplexes in 30 days in punjab , gujarat and delhi ncr , the screen count is currently at 77 .
mossimo is a mid-range american clothing company , founded in 1986 by designer mossimo giannulli , and currently owned by iconix brand group . mossimo specializes in youth and teenage clothing such as shirts , jeans , jackets , socks , underwear and accessories . the brand is currently sold in 1,700 stores within the u.s. , with international licenses in the u.k. , australia , philippines , south america , mexico , japan and india totaling 600 stores .
woodforest national bank is a privately held bank headquartered in the woodlands , texas . as of march 2013 , it had more than 788 branches in 17 different states . woodforest national bank is walmarts largest retail partner . woodforest has a few branches that are open 24 hours a day and 364 days of the year . woodforest national bank also partners with sams club and kroger in a few states .
anta sports products limited is a branded sportswear company in china . it involves the business of designing , developing , manufacture and marketing sportswear , including sports footwear , apparel and accessory under its own brand name , anta . it was established in 1994 and it is headquartered in jinjiang , fujian .
caresource is a nonprofit that began as a managed health care plan serving medicaid members in ohio . today , it provides public health care programs including medicaid , medicare , and marketplace . the company is headquartered in dayton , ohio . it is the largest medicaid plan in ohio and is second in the united states . in 2016 , the company had more than $ 4 million worth of settlements from claim fraud .
umg is a company focused on asset management in the commodity sector industrial production and sales . umg was founded in 2006 by system capital management .
brite semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company founded in 2008 to develop custom asic designs . the company focuses on high-end design services and turnkey services below 90 nm , as well as one package services , from source codes or netlists to chips as finished products .
areeya property was founded in 2000 as a company limited to develop the real estate projects by all project operated in the name of areeya . .
abbey machinery is an irish agricultural machinery manufacturer . it is known for its characteristic orange-colored machines , its reputation for quality and for being the oldest agricultural machinery manufacturer in ireland . it specializes in cattle feeding and slurry management equipment .
the bozeman watch company of bozeman , montana , was an american company that designed and engineered its own timepieces and had its mechanical components certified by the contrle officiel suisse des chronomtres certified timepieces . the company went out of business in 2015 .
hostway is a multinational web hosting and technology infrastructure company headquartered in chicago , illinois , united states , founded in 1998 . it provides individuals , small - to medium-sized businesses and large corporations with email and hosting services for web sites , databases and business applications . hostway services inc. serves more than 600,000 customers worldwide .
imperial 400 was an american motel chain . it was founded in 1959 by bernard whitney in los angeles , california . its properties were typically two-story buildings with gull wing shaped roofs over the lobby . it was a limited-service hotel chain , competing mainly with travelodge . in 1965 , imperial 400 filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy . its headquarters were moved to englewood cliffs , new jersey , and again to arlington , virginia .
droiders is a spanish software company that focuses on mobile and web apps , and it is an official developer for google glass apps . the company was founded in 2008 by computer engineer juiln beltrn . droiders was a finalist for the android developer challenge in 2008 winners of the telefnica challenge and movilforum in 2009 , and they were selected in 2013 by google as one of the first 80 to test and develop software for google glass devices .
ericom software , inc. , founded in 1993 , is located in closter , new jersey , and provides software for enterprise-wide application access and application publishing for server-based computing environments .
the modern library is an american publishing company . founded in 1917 by albert boni and horace liveright as an imprint of their publishing company boni & liveright , it was purchased in 1925 by bennett cerf and donald klopfer . random house began in 1927 as a subsidiary of the modern library but eventually overtook its parent to become the parent company of what then only became an imprint of random house .
eggsquis breakfast & lunch is a midscale chain of restaurants in quebec and ontario , canada . as the name may suggest it specializes in egg dishes , from bacon and eggs to omelettes . eggsquis also makes crpes , waffles , french toast , all served with fresh fruit . a daily lunch menu is served from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm monday to friday . to date , there are 39 locations across canada , primarily in quebec .
recruitee is software as a service that functions as an applicant tracking system . it includes a careers site editor for employer branding , a plugin for sourcing , job board integration , email and calendar synchronization . within 4 months after its public launch in august 2015 , recruitee attracted over 1000 small and medium-sized enterprises and recruiting agencies worldwide .
not to be confused with century , a british motor company that produced cars until 1907century motor vehicle company was a manufacturer of electric and steam automobiles in syracuse , new york . the company switched to gasoline-fuelled internal combustion engine-powered automobiles in january 1903 , and went out of business later that year .
fontana north is a canadian record distribution company and represents the canadian wing of fontana distribution . it is a joint venture between canadian-based maplecore and us-based fontana distribution . the company was established by maplecore in 2004 as maplenationwide , and in 2006 , it partnered with fontana distribution and was rebranded as fontana north . it has expanded throughout canada for pan-canadian distribution of many music labels .
photronics , inc is an american semiconductor photomask manufacturer . it was the third largest photomask supplier as of 2009 .
plitt theatres was a major movie theater chain in the united states and went under a number of names , publix theaters corporation , paramount publix corporation , united paramount theatres , american broadcasting-paramount theatres and abc theatres and operated a number of theater circuits under various names . the chain was originally the theater division of paramount pictures , incorporating a number of theater circuits acquired by paramount , notably balaban and katz .
general motors company , commonly referred to as general motors , is an american multinational corporation headquartered in detroit that designs , manufactures , markets , and distributes vehicles and vehicle parts , and sells financial services . with global headquarters in detroits renaissance center , gm manufactures cars and trucks in 35 countries . the company was founded by william c. durant on september 16 , 1908 as a holding company .
fiftyfifty brewing co. is a brewpub in truckee , california , usa . known for their barrel aged beers , their production surpassed one thousand barrels of aged beer along with a further volume of fresh beer in 2012 .
edb business partner asa , trading as edb was a norwegian information technology company that supplied many services relating to computing , including operation , outsourcing and online banking . the company was headquartered in oslo and listed on the oslo stock exchange . telenor owned 51.3 % of edb . edb bp has wholly owned subsidiaries in sweden and denmark , and more recently acquired the majority of miratech and infopulse , ukrainian it companies .
kaidi finland is a finnish energy company that specializes in renewable energy . it plans to build a biofuel refinery in kemi , finland . the refinery , which is planned to be completed in 2019 , utilizes second generation biofuel technology . its investment value is around one billion euros . the ceo of kaidi finland is carl haglund .
chappe et gessalin is the short-form of the name of french coachbuilder carrosserie chappe frres et gessalin . the company built automobile bodies and did contract assembly for other automobile manufacturers . it was also the parent of automobiles cg , a french automobile maker founded in 1966 which built and sold complete cars under its own name .
hackerone is a vulnerability coordination and bug bounty platform that connects businesses with cybersecurity researchers . it is one of the first companies along with synack and bugcrowd to embrace and utilize crowd-sourced security and hackers as linchpins of its business model , and is the largest cybersecurity firm of its kind . as of february 2017 , hackerones network consisted of approximately 100,000 hackers and had paid $ 14 million in bounties .
steek is a private technology company based in france which provides integrated online multimedia data storage , file sharing , and automated backup services to telecom operators , isps , and portals . its services include online file hosting and file sharing .
p is the 16th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
colt canada is a firearms manufacturer owned by united states-based colt and located in kitchener , ontario , canada . the company is a defence contractor that manufactures and supplies small arms to the canadian forces and canadian law enforcement agencies , as well as defence research & development , training , logistic support , repair and overhaul . in addition , the company exports firearms internationally .
chantiers dubigeon was a shipyard established in 1760 by julien dubigeon in nantes , france . in 1916 the heirs of adolphe dubigeon disagreed how to dispose of the company . part of it was sold to chantiers de la loire and the rest was reorganized into the anciens chantiers dubigeon which build a new yard on the le de nantes . in 1963 it was combined with la socit loire-normandie , forming the groupe dubigeon-normandie which was renamed dubigeon-normandie sa in 1969 .
comp air inc , formerly known as aerocomp inc , is an aircraft manufacturer based in merritt island , florida , owned by ron lueck . the firm originally manufactured floats for seaplanes , using composite materials . it later branched out into aircraft , marketing them in kit form for homebuilding . it now offers 3-10 place kit aircraft , with the latest developments being in the experimental jet market .
ea tiburon is an electronic arts video game development studio located in maitland , florida , united states founded in 1994 . it was formerly known as tiburon entertainment , which was acquired by ea in 1998 . ea had already purchased a minority equity interest in tiburon in may 1996 , the terms of which included that tiburon would develop games exclusively for ea.the studio is best known for developing the madden nfl series of games .
richer sounds is a british home entertainment retailer that operates online and through a chain of 53 stores distributed across the united kingdom . the business is 100 % owned by julian richer , the founder and managing director of the company .
good sam enterprises is a provider of membership clubs , as well as subscription-based products , services and publications , targeted toward recreational vehicle and other outdoor enthusiasts in the united states . additionally , the company owns camping world , a leading rv-related specialty retailer , and rv.net , an rv-focused website .
organizacion corona was founded in 1881 by a group of investors including victoriano restrepo uribe , making it one of the oldest business entities in colombia . in 1935 it was purchased by gabriel echavarra misas . it is one of the largest conglomerates based in the south american country . the company manufactures ceramics for the home improvement market and is divided into six business units .
folimage is a french animation studio , based in bourg-ls-valence , drme , france . it was founded in 1981 by jacques-rmy girerd . the studio produces animation films for cinema and tv . in 1999 , the company founded an animation school , la poudrire , also in valence . in 2009 , folimage and la poudrire moved to la cartoucherie , a former munitions factory in bourg-ls-valence .
science exchange is an online marketplace of research services , enabling scientists to outsource their research and development to scientific institutions such as university facilities or commercial contract research organizations .
lassonde industries inc. is a canadian agri-food company located in rougemont and montrgie , with operations throughout north america .
action international pictures also known as west side studios , is a film production and distribution company founded in 1986 . aip was founded by david winters , david a. prior and peter yuval . it also provided video distribution for many international films . winters bought out his partners in 1992 .
the london stock exchange group plc is a british-based stock exchange and financial information company . it is headquartered in london , united kingdom . it owns the london stock exchange , borsa italiana , millenniumit , russell indexes , ftse international , exactpro , and majority stakes in lch and mts .
tripp lite is an american manufacturer of power protection and connectivity solutions . headquartered in chicago , illinois , the company employs more than 450 people and maintains a sales presence in over 80 countries worldwide .
nasuni is a privately held cloud storage company with headquarters in boston , massachusetts . it was founded in 2008 , and has raised approximately $ 120m , with the last funding a $ 38m investment by goldman sachs . the firms storage software uses object storage , local file caching appliances , and the companys proprietary unifs global file system to offer a hybrid cloud solution for network attached storage .
banc of california is a bank serving the state of california with 30 + banking branches in southern california . the bank is currently headquartered in santa ana , california .
grouplogic , inc. , founded in 1988 and headquartered in arlington , virginia , usa , is an enterprise software company that develops , sells and supports software for moving and storing data including activecho , mobilecho , archiveconnect , masstransit and extremez-ip . grouplogics products are used by information technology organizations to allow employees to access and manage corporate files regardless of the type of computing platform the employee is using to access the network .
the piramal group is a diversified global business conglomerate , which has presence across various sectors such as healthcare , life sciences , drug discovery , healthcare information management , specialty glass packaging , financial services and real estate . ajay piramal is the chairman of the piramal group .
seaco srl is a company that sells and leases marine containers . it was formed as ge seaco in 1998 as a joint venture between general electric and sea containers .
oil price information service is a company providing pricing and news information for petroleum pricing , news and analysis for gasoline , diesel , ethanol , biodiesel , lp-gas , jet fuel , crude , natural gas , refinery feedstocks , residual fuel , and kerosene . it is based in gaithersburg , maryland and has offices in wall , new jersey , houston , texas , st. paul , minnesota , and in sweden , romania , singapore , and japan .
little creatures is an australian brewing company based in fremantle , western australia , originally established in 2000 by the original brewers of the matilda bay brewing company . the name little creatures is inspired by a song lyric from the talking heads little creatures album and refers to the live yeast cells that turn the sugars in malt wort into ethanol .
pep is energy or high spirits it may refer to : pep band , an ensemble of instrumentalistspep , the dog in putt-putt neilson dairy confectionery brandpep , new mexicopep , texaspep cereal , by kelloggpep comics , by mlj comicspep , south africapep talk , motivational lecturepep guardiola , a football coach .
agfirst , part of the us farm credit system , serves as a wholesale lender and business-service provider to a network of local farm credit associations in 15 southern and eastern states , washington , d.c. and puerto rico . these associations , operating as farm credit and ag credit associations , provide real estate and production financing to 80,000 farmers , agribusinesses , and rural homeowners .
transnet freight rail is a south african rail transport company , formerly known as spoornet . it was part of the south african railways and harbours administration , a state-controlled organisation that employed hundreds of thousands of people for decades from the first half of the 20th century and was widely referred to by the initials sar & h . customer complaints about serious problems with transnet freight rails service were reported in 2010 .
rolf is a russian group of companies , one of the biggest automotive dealers and vehicle importers in russia , with its headquarters located in moscow . established on 5 august 1991 . rolf was one of the pioneers of the russian automotive market , contributing to its development as a civilized market .
insomniac is an american electronic music event promoter . founded by pasquale rotella , it is best-known as the organizer of the electronic music festival electric daisy carnival . alongside edc , insomniac runs the electronic music events beyond wonderland and nocturnal wonderland , as well as drum and bass and dubstep-oriented events under the brand bassrush , hardstyle events under the brand basscon , and trance events under the brand dreamstate .
cleveland-cliffs , inc. , formerly cliffs natural resources , is a cleveland , ohio , business firm that specializes in the mining and beneficiation of iron ore . the firm is an independent company whose shares are traded on the new york stock exchange . cleveland-cliffs primary operations are organized and managed according to product category and geographic location : u.s. iron ore , eastern canadian iron ore , asia pacific iron ore , and north american coal .
calbee inc. is a major japanese snack food maker . it was founded on april 30 , 1949 . it launched operations at a new plant in the united states for making its mainstay products kappa ebisen shrimp chips and saya-endo snow pea crisps on september 18 , 2007 . its snacks are hugely popular in asia , and are well known in the united states . its headquarters are located in the marunouchi trust tower main in marunouchi , chiyoda , tokyo .
plumchoice is a privately held corporation with headquarters located in lowell , massachusetts . the company provides remote technical services and support to various telecommunications , isp , oem , cable , retail and e-tail companies in the united states . plumchoice uses its patented safelink platform to deliver service , covering devices such as personal computers and laptops , macintosh computers , network equipment , software , printers , peripherals , mp3 players , digital cameras , and smartphones .
gotec group based in wlfrath , germany , is an automotive corporation from germany which has production and sales locations in 7 different countries including poland , spain , brazil , turkey , united states , germany and romania .
dlites of america was an american fast food chain based in norcross , georgia . it was known for serving fast food with a higher emphasis on nutrition . it featured reduced-calorie dishes , including hamburgers made with lean beef , high-fiber buns , and low-calorie cheese . it was founded in 1978 by doug sheley and jeffrey miller . the first franchises opened in 1983 . by 1985 , more than 100 stores were opened . the chain stopped franchising in 1986 and closed several stores .
pepkor is a south african based investment and holding company with business interests in africa , australia , united kingdom , poland , slovakia , and new zealand . it manages a portfolio of retail chains focused on the value market selling predominantly clothing , footwear and textiles . its main operating subsidiaries are pep and ackermans in south africa and best & less in australia , all based on a high volume/lower margin business model .
derbi is a manufacturer of motorcycles , scooters , mopeds and recreational all-terrain vehicles produced by nacional motor s.a.u. , a spanish subsidiary of piaggio & co. spa .
strategic marine pty ltd is a western australian-based shipbuilding company with facilities at henderson in western australia , vung tau in vietnam , tuas in singapore and mazatln in mexico .
on technology was a software company in the united states . it was formed in 1987 by mitch kapor after his departure from lotus software . the original plan of the business was to build an object-oriented pc desktop environment providing a variety of applications . in the early 1990s , the company was acquired by notework corporation , a vendor of lan email systems .
talleys group limited is a privately owned , new zealand-based agribusiness company that provides seafood , vegetable and dairy products . talleys was established in 1936 by ivan peter talijancich . from modest beginnings in motueka as a manufacturer of seafood , the talley family business has grown into one of the most important agribusiness companies in new zealand .
managed network systems inc. is a canadian internet service provider and phone provider located in windsor , ontario . opened in 1995 , it is the oldest isp in the windsor-london area , having started in september of that year as a provider of dial-up internet access . the company serves customers in the city , providing home and business phone , long distance , dsl internet and fibre .
marca is a spanish national daily sport newspaper owned by unidad editorial . the newspaper focuses primarily on football , in particular the day-to-day activities of real madrid , atltico madrid and rayo vallecano . it has a daily readership of over 2,500,000 , the highest in spain for a daily newspaper , and more than half of sports readership . since february 2001 there has also been an associated 24-hour/day sports radio station , radio marca .
the tjx companies , inc. is an american multinational off-price department store corporation , headquartered in framingham , massachusetts . it remained from the original zayre corp. that was established in 1956 . of its banners , homegoods , tj maxx , and sierra trading post operate in the united states winners operates in canada and homesense , marshalls , and tk maxx operate in multiple countries . ernie herrman has served as company ceo since january 31 , 2016 .
turan information agency is a news agency based in baku , azerbaijan . founded in azerbaijan ssr in 1990 by a group of journalists who refused to work in the state media . the agency prepares analytical articles and news materials in three languages : azerbaijani , english , and russian . topics include politics , economy , finance , communication , religion , culture , and sport .
hino motors , ltd. , commonly known as simply hino , is a japanese manufacturer of commercial vehicles and diesel engines headquartered in hino-shi , tokyo . the company is a leading producer of medium and heavy-duty diesel trucks in asia . hino motors is a large constituent of the nikkei 225 on the tokyo stock exchange . it is a subsidiary of toyota motor corporation and one of 16 major companies of the toyota group .
doximity is an online social networking service for u.s. clinicians . launched in march 2011 , doximity has over one million verified members as of february 2018 . with over 70 % of u.s. physicians as members and a growing population of nurse practitioners , physician assistants , and pharmacists , doximity is the largest hipaa-secure medical network in the united states .
puregym limited is a chain of no frills fitness clubs in the united kingdom . the chain is based in leeds and has gyms across the uk.it is britains largest gym chain by membership with about 900,000 current members . it has plans to open 300 gyms by 2020 . in may 2015 , puregym acquired all gyms from rival uk fitness chain la fitness bringing the total number of gyms across the uk to 141 . as of september 2017 , puregym has 172 gyms across the united kingdom according to their website .
wise bread is a us-based financial advice website that offers advice on personal finance , life hacks , and advice about buying goods and services . in 2009 wise bread partnered with macmillan publishers to create the dealista a 36 episode podcast series focused on how to buy things inexpensively . in 2009 , wise bread published a paperback book titled 10,001 ways to live large on a small budget .
finnegans is a beer brewed in minnesota , and is the fifth largest beer brand in that state . finnegans is a non-profit company . all proceeds are donated to the finnegans community fund where one of the main focuses is to feed the hungry . their mission statement is , turning beer into food . finnegans bottles are currently brewed at summit brewing company in st. paul , minnesota , and has been through a partnership since 2003 .
hurtigruten as , formerly hurtigruten group asa and hurtigruten asa , is a norwegian transport corporation with headquarters in troms , norway . the company provides services in bus transport , passenger ferry transport , automobile ferry transport , cruise ships , and tourism planning in addition to operating hurtigruten , the coastal ferry service along the norwegian coast from which it takes its name .
indozambia bank , whose full name isindozambia bank limited , is a commercial bank in zambia . it is licensed by the bank of zambia , the central bank and national banking regulator .
the british columbia ambulance service is the sole ambulance service and provider of pre-hospital emergency care in the province of british columbia . bcas is managed by british columbia emergency health services and falls under the jurisdiction of the provincial health services authority . the service is tasked with the provision of emergency medical response province-wide .
syco music , also known as syco records , is a british record label founded by british music mogul simon cowell . it is a subsidiary of cowells syco .
plan b toys ltd. is an groveport , ohio-based toy company , founded in 1999 by jay borman , chris borman , and tony simione , former employees of resaurus company who founded it with the intention of freely creating new ideas and properties without corporate boundaries . plan b toys has operated for the past few years as a development house .
d-link corporation is a taiwanese multinational networking equipment manufacturing corporation headquartered in taipei , taiwan . it was founded in march 1986 in taipei as datex systems inc.
graphcore is a semiconductor company that develops accelerators for ai and machine learning . it aims to make a massively parallel intelligent processing unit that holds the complete machine learning model inside the processor .
base is an international design , communications , audiovisual , copywriting and publishing firm established in 1993 . the company has studios located in new york , brussels , santiago and geneva .
spirent communications plc is a multinational telecommunications testing company headquartered in crawley , west sussex , in the united kingdom . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
charvel is a brand of electric guitars founded in the 1970s by wayne charvel in azusa and headquartered in glendora , both cities in california .
lush ltd. is a cosmetics retailer headquartered in poole , dorset , united kingdom . the company was founded by mark constantine , a trichologist and liz weir , a beauty therapist . they met in a hair and beauty salon in poole , england . a few years later , they decided to branch out and start their own business selling natural hair and beauty products .
eng bee tin chinese deli -LRB- -RRB- is a chinese deli chain based in binondo , manila , philippines .
novellus systems inc. was a company founded by brad mattson that developed , manufactured , sold , and serviced semiconductor equipment used in the fabrication of integrated circuits . it was a supplier of chemical vapor deposition , plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition , physical vapor deposition , electrochemical deposition , ultraviolet thermal processing , and surface preparation equipment used in the manufacturing of semiconductors .
pfaff is a manufacturer of sewing machines and is now owned by the sgsb co. ltd.
the hollyfrontier corporation is a fortune 500 company based in dallas , tx . hollyfrontier is a petroleum refiner and distributor of petroleum products , from gasoline to petroleum-based lubricants and waxes . george damaris currently holds the title as ceo . the company has primary refining operations in kansas , new mexico , oklahoma , utah , and wyoming .
koingo software , established in 1994 , is a canadian corporation that designs and distributes software for both macintosh and windows . presently , the business develops a mix of 8 shareware and freeware applications , most of which are available for the macintosh and windows .
daqo new energy corp. is a chinese company engaged in the manufacture of monocrystalline silicon , polysilicon , and silicon wafers , primarily for use in solar photovoltaic systems . the company operates two manufacturing facilities : a mono-si and poly-si manufacturing facility located in shihezi , xinjiang province , china and a wafer fabrication facility located in chongqing , china . daqo formerly manufactured photovoltaic modules at a facility in nanjing , china .
iguanabee is an independent chilean video game developer , established in 2011 and located in santiago , chile . they created games for different platforms and different clients , such as mr deadline for wacom , ciclania for educational purposes and monsterbag with sony computer entertainment . currently , they are working alongside project tango to create raise .
gourdou-leseurre was a french aircraft manufacturer whose founders were charles edouard pierre gourdou and jean adolphe leseurre .
narumiya international is a japanese company limited headquartered in minato ward , tokyo , japan . the firm manufactures and distributes textiles and specializes in childrens clothing .
meo is a mobile and fixed telecommunications service and brand from portugal telecom , managed by meo - servios de comunicaes e multimdia . the service was piloted in lisbon in 2006 and was later extended to porto and castelo branco .
oneok , inc. is a diversified fortune 200 corporation based in tulsa , oklahoma . oneok was founded in 1906 as oklahoma natural gas company , but it changed its corporate name to oneok in december 1980 . it also owns major natural gas liquids systems due to the 2005 acquisition of koch industries natural gas businesses .
shikoku railway company , commonly known as jr shikoku , is one of the constituent companies of japan railways group . it operates intercity rail services in the four prefectures on the island of shikoku in japan . the company is headquartered in takamatsu , kagawa .
ridgewood savings bank is the largest mutual savings bank in new york state and was founded in 1921 . it operates 35 branches across new york citys five boroughs , long island and westchester county .
vromans bookstore an independent bookstore . it is the oldest and largest independent bookstore in southern california . founded in 1894 by adam clark vroman , the original vromans book and photographic supply store was located at 60 e. colorado st in pasadena , california . mr. vroman loved books and loved giving back to his community . mr. vroman was also a passionate photographer , specializing in scenes of the american west and his portraits of native americans .
alvarado street bakery is a worker-owned bakery located in petaluma , california that produces certified organic whole grain breads and bagels . alvarado was featured in the 2009 michael moore documentary , capitalism : a love story . alvarado is organized as a worker cooperative and each employee receives one share in the cooperative . the shares grant each employee an equal vote on business matters , including employee benefits , salaries and the reinvestment of profits .
rec solar is an installer of commercial solar electric systems in the united states . the company is focused on providing products and services to support commercial , government and utility scale solar photovoltaic installations .
singhania buildcon is iso certified real estate development company based in chhattisgarh . singhania buildocn was developed by subodh singhania in 1993 . the company has received several awards in the field of real estate and social works .
loveman , berger & teitelbaum , more commonly referred to as lovemans , was a nashville , tennessee-based full service department store , originally located at 5th and union streets in that city . relatives of the founder of this chain founded lovemans of alabama and lovemans located in chattanooga , tennessee .
gandhi memorial international foundation , also known as the mahatma gandhi international foundation , was a controversial non-profit organization run by yogesh k. gandhi , born yogesh kathari , who claims to be related to mahatma gandhi . however , an immediate descendant of mahatma gandhi , publicly stated that yogesh k. gandhi was a scam artist , and interested primarily in enriching himself . yogesh gandhi described the organization as dedicated to social betterment through nonviolence .
azania bank limited , whose formal name is first adili bancorp limited , and is commonly referred to as azania bank , is a commercial bank in tanzania . it is licensed by the bank of tanzania , the central bank and national banking regulator .
cindia was a brazilian film studio established in 15 march 1930 in rio de janeiro , and remained in continual operation until 1951 . between 1930 and 1945 cindia averaged two films a year , with a high of five in 1936 .
vektor grafix was a british computer game development company led by john lewis and andy craven . vektor grafix was founded by craven and danny gallagher in 1986 . their first release were home ports of the star wars arcade games . the leeds-based company then went on to become a developer of mostly 3d simulation games and was eventually bought by microprose in july 1992 , becoming their development studio .
zopa is a uk online personal finance peer-to-peer lending company founded in 2004 . it launched in the uk in march 2005 . zopa was the first peer-to-peer lending company and one of the earliest fintech firms .
mandhana industries limited is an indian diversified textile and apparel manufacturing company , headquartered in mumbai , maharashtra . the company owns businesses across india engaged in manufacturing of textiles and garments , apparel designing , yarn designing , yarn dyeing , weaving , processing , dyeing and garment manufacturing .
accumuli security is a uk-based it security specialist , established in 1996 . employing around 60 staff , it is based mainly in the london region and yorkshire . the firms current ceo is gavin lyons . the company was acquired by the ncc group in 2015 .
gilson graphics , inc. is a commercial printing company in grand rapids , michigan . since its incorporation , gilson graphics has acquired selected assets of knickerbocker press , national correct color , axis digital print and imaging , photolith , commercial printing co. , hastings press , and integra printing , inc. founded as gilson press inc. in 1948 by lars gilson , the business now runs two locations in grand rapids and also operates a composition department in atlantic , iowa .
management & training corporation or mtc is a contractor that manages private prisons and united states job corps centers . based in centerville , utah mtcs core businesses are corrections , education & training , mtc medical , and economic & social development . mtc operates 24 correctional facilities in eight states . mtc also operates or partners in operating 22 of the 119 job corps centers across the country . they also operate in great britain , under the name mtcnovo .
hancom , inc. hancom is an office suite software developer in korea . established in 1990 , the company created hangul , a native word processing program for the korean language . the story of hancom mirrors the fortunes of koreas reborn software industry through support from the government .
pickering interfaces is a test and measurement company headquartered in clacton-on-sea , united kingdom . pickering designs , manufactures and markets a range of switching , simulation and cabling products in the lxi , pxi , and pci platforms . these products are sold into the functional test , hardware-in-the-loop simulation and design verifications markets .
microvalue and micro value redirect here . not to be confused with the present-day microvalue , a descendant of flair software . tynesoft computer software was a software developer and publisher in the 1980s and early 1990s .
brs resources , limited is a publicly traded , international exploration and production company headquartered in dallas , texas , and listed on the tsx venture exchange in canada . the company is focused on building a european presence in the upstream oil and gas business , primarily natural gas production in italy . brs resources is actively pursuing opportunities in the mediterranean basin and north africa , with its primary focus in italy .
globalsantafe corporation , which traded on the nyse as gsf was an offshore oil and gas drilling contractor , which owned or operating a fleet of 59 marine drilling rigs . with its principal executive offices in houston , texas , globalsantafe was one of the largest international drilling contractors , providing offshore drilling services to the worlds leading oil and gas companies . on 23 july 2007 , a merger between globalsantafe and larger rival transocean was announced .
the metal airscrew company was formed in 1919 by dr henry charles watts and henry leitner to produce hollow metal aircraft propellers with a method set out their joint patent . by 1928 the company name had changed to metal propellers ltd. it remained active until at least 1930 .
donald healey motor company limited was a british car manufacturer .
2-tone entertainment is a british based independent record label and a & r consultancy company , who also specialise in talent management . the company was founded by shaurav dsilva in 2004.2-tone entertainment have worked alongside 3 beat records & the universal music group since 2011 successfully launching the careers of a number of artists including sigma and fuse odg .2 - tone entertainment represent a number of writers , producers and artists including diztortion , taya , ts7 & eyelar .
madison marquette real estate services is a washington d.c.-based investor , developer and operator of mixed-use real estate . madison marquette is one of the fastest growing real-estate companies in the us.madison marquette has offices in new york , philadelphia , charlotte , san francisco , los angeles , seattle , san diego and fort lauderdale , as well as overseas , with more than 23 million sq. ft. of retail , lifestyle and mixed-use space across 63 different properties .
bank of new zealand is one of new zealands largest banks and has been operating continuously in the country since the first office was opened in auckland in october 1861 followed shortly after by the first branch in dunedin in december 1861 . the modern-day bank operates a variety of financial services covering retail , business and institutional banking and employs over 5000 people in new zealand .
engenco limited is an australian engineering company with operations in australia , asia , europe and america . it is listed on the australian stock exchange .
the compagnie tunisienne de navigation is a tunisian shipping line , providing regular passenger ferry connections between tunisia and the ports of marseille and genoa , as well as freight transport to barcelona and livorno . founded on 7 march 1959 , it initially concentrated on the development of regular shipping links between tunisia and its principal trading partners , essentially serving only marseille and rouen .
indiepix films , inc is an independent film distribution and online streaming service based in new york city . indiepix films offers a collection that includes thousands of award-winning titles from the festival circuit , popular indie classics , foreign , documentaries and short films . films can be ordered on dvd as well as downloaded and watched online . the company distributes the movies directly to consumers as well as via national retail channels and select theatrical exhibition .
puppet heap , llc is a puppet design , fabrication and production company based in hoboken , new jersey . the company was founded by artist and designer paul andrejco , who previously worked for the jim henson company from 1992 to 2001 and designed the characters for bear in the big blue house that aired on the disney channel . in 2004 , andrejco opened puppet heap at its current location in hoboken .
sri internationals augmentation research center was founded in the 1960s by electrical engineer douglas engelbart to develop and experiment with new tools and techniques for collaboration and information processing . the main product to come out of arc was the revolutionary on-line system , better known by its abbreviation , nls . arc is also known for the invention of the computer mouse pointing device , and its role in the early formation of the internet .
the swatch group ag is a swiss manufacturer of watches and jewelry . the company was founded in 1983 by nicolas hayek from the merger of allgemeine gesellschaft der schweizerischen uhrenindustrie and socit suisse pour lindustrie horlogre . the swatch group employs about 36,000 people in 50 countries . in 2016 , net sales were 7.533 billion swiss francs , decreasing 11 % from 2015 results .
the chosun ilbo is one of the major newspapers in south korea . with a daily circulation of more than 1,800,000 , the chosun ilbo has been audited annually since the audit bureau of circulations was established in 1993 . chosun ilbo and its subsidiary company , digital chosun , operates the chosun.com news website , which also publishes web versions of the newspaper in english , chinese , and japanese .
dodge is an american brand of automobile manufactured by fiat chrysler , based in auburn hills , michigan . dodge vehicles currently include the lower-priced badge variants of chrysler-badged vehicles as well as performance cars , though for much of its existence dodge was chryslers mid-priced brand above plymouth .
worldpay , inc. is a public u.s.-based payment processing and technology provider headquartered in the greater cincinnati , ohio area . recently called vantiv , worldpay is the largest u.s. merchant acquirer ranked by general purpose transaction volume . the company provides payment and technology services to merchants and financial institutions in the u.s. and processes more than 20.1 billion payment transactions and approximately $ 726 billion in volume annually .
tenneco is an american fortune 500 company that has been publicly traded on the new york stock exchange since november 5 , 1999 under the symbol ten . tenneco , with headquarters in lake forest , illinois , united states is an automotive components original equipment manufacturer and an aftermarket ride control and emissions products manufacturer . in 2011 it reported a revenue of $ 7.2 billion .
dar al-arkan real estate is a saudi arabian property development company . it is the largest developer by market value in saudi arabia . based in riyadh , it was established in 1994 by six business families with real estate development experience in response to the demand for housing from the rapidly growing saudi population .
travel sentry is a company that develops and licenses standards used in travel security , including a standard for luggage locks that can be opened by aviation security agencies such as the transportation security administration .
animate ltd. is the retailing arm of movic and is the largest retailer of anime , games , and manga in japan . the first and headquarters store of animate opened in 1983 and is located in ikebukuro , a district in tokyo , japan .
samuel french , inc. is an american company , founded by samuel french and thomas hailes lacy , who formed a partnership to combine their existing interests in london and new york city . it publishes plays , represents authors , and sells scripts from their los angeles , uk , and online bookstores . the firm has offices in new york city london and hollywood , california .
nordcurrent is a lithuanian video game developer and publisher of casual game and freemium games for the ios , android , amazon , pc and mac platforms . the company has developed more than 20 games for various platforms . its greatest successes to date are 101-in-1 games series , happy chef series and cooking fever which have rapidly gained popularity and become highly rated in the gaming community . all of nordcurrents games are fully localised to english , french , italian , german and spanish .
vibram s.p.a. is an italian company based in albizzate that both manufactures and licenses the production of vibram-branded rubber outsoles for footwear . the company is named after its founder , vitale bramani , who is credited with inventing the first rubber lug . vibram soles were first used on mountaineering boots , replacing leather soles fitted with hobnails or steel cleats , commonly used up until then . the soles produced by vibram are called vibram soles , vibram rubber , or simply vibram .
nu afrika records , llc is a ghanaian entertainment company established by rapper/record producer ball j. the company is located at spintex road , accra-ghana . it is a full service entertainment company housing a record label and a video production company called 36 men .
subaru is the automobile manufacturing division of japanese transportation conglomerate subaru corporation , the twenty-second largest automaker by production worldwide in 2012 . subaru cars are known for their use of a boxer engine layout in most vehicles above 1500 cc . most subaru models have used the symmetrical all wheel drive drive-train layout since 1972 .
oman oil marketing company saog was launched in october 2003 , along with its new brand identity , when oman oil company acquired shares of what was formally known as bp oman in december 2003 . today , it is the only 100 percent omani owned fuels marketing company , 49 % of which is owned by oman oil company . other shareholders include oman cement company , bankmuscat and dhofar international development and investment holding company .
the messer group gmbh is a supplier of industrial gases . business is focused on 30 european and asian . the company headquarters are located in bad soden . messer is selling gases for industrial use like oxygen , nitrogen , argon , carbon dioxide , hydrogen , helium , shielding gases and gases for medical use .
nexton is a japanese software company specializing in the publishing and distribution of adult visual novel video games for twelve game developers that nexton is partners with . the company is located in osaka , japan . the current president , akihiko suzuki has served as the chief director of the ethics organization of computer software .
sprint canada was a canadian telecommunications service provider from 1993 to 2005 , when it was acquired by rogers communications . sprint offered both residential and business services . it was a key company in the long distance wars of canada .
thorco projects is a danish shipping company based in copenhagen , denmark .
green star media ltd is a united kingdom-based international publisher of specialist sports content through websites , e-magazines and e-books . the company relies on a subscription-based business model where advertising is not a significant source of revenue .
modu was an israeli mobile phone company founded in 2007 by dov moran . the company invented the modu , a modular cellular device which could be used in various other devices . modu held the record for the worlds lightest mobile phone . the modu phone enabled users to personalize their mobiles looks and features by inserting it into a range of unique phone enclosures , known as modu jackets . modu was headquartered in kfar saba and had over 130 employees .
trenes de buenos aires was a private company that operated commuter rail services over 5 ft 6 in broad gauge sarmiento and mitre lines of buenos aires . the company , owned by claudio and mario cirigliano , also operated long-distance services on the general mitre railway to central-western argentina and on the general urquiza railway to northern argentina and uruguay on the international tren de los pueblos libres .
grupo bandeirantes de comunicao is a brazilian media conglomerate founded on the creation of the first group communication vehicle , rdio bandeirantes , on may 6 , 1937 .
pacific lightnet is a locally owned , facilities-based clec , providing both voice and data services to its customers in hawaii . at the core of its products and services is a 10,000 fiber mile submarine and terrestrial fiber optic network connecting the states six major islands , the only of its kind . linked to all major submarine cable landing stations throughout hawaii , the network provides capacity and services to the mainland and the pacific rim .
victory super markets was a grocery store chain based in leominster , massachusetts that included 20 stores across massachusetts and new hampshire . it was founded in 1923 by two digeronimo brothers and was originally named after the american war effort in world war i. the family-run company was sold to hannaford brothers company in 2004 after a successful 81 year stretch . when it was sold , the company employed over 2,600 workers and had an annual revenue of $ 385 million .
t. k. brvig as is a norwegian holding company concentrating on bus operation in vest-agder . the company owns bussen trafikkselskap , srlandsruta and vaagsbygdruta . the holding company was founded in 1965 by trres kristian brvig and now controls about 85 % of all bus operations in vest-agder . in total the corporation has 410 employees , 210 buses and a revenue of nok 235 million per year .
bevolo gas and electric lights is the oldest and largest manufacturer of handmade , hand-riveted copper lanterns in the united states . bevolo was founded by andrew bevolo , sr. in 1945 and remains a family business , currently operated by andrew bevolo , iii . andrew bevolo , sr. founded the company with experience working for ford , igor sikorsky and andrew higgins .
axis bank ltd is the third largest of the private-sector banks in india offering a comprehensive suite of financial products . the bank has its head office in mumbai and registered office in ahmedabad . it has 3304 branches , 14,003 atms , and nine international offices . the bank employs over 55,000 people and had a market capitalization of 1.28 trillion .
usf may refer to : universitiesuniversity of san francisco , californiauniversity of south florida , tampa , floridauniversity of st. francis , joliet , illinoisuniversity of sioux falls , south dakotalocationsuniversal studios florida , a theme park in orlando , floridafile formatsuniversal subtitle formatnintendo ultra 64 sound formatother usesuniversal service fund , a united states government programupstream stimulatory factor , dna-binding proteins regulating gene expression , see usf1 and usf2 .
aviation industry corporation of china is a chinese state-owned aerospace and defense company . it is ranked 159th place in the fortune global 500 lists .
shim-sutcliffe architects is an architecture and interior design firm based in toronto , canada . it was founded in 1994 by university of toronto professor brigitte shim and her partner howard sutcliffe .
lalique is a french glassmaker , founded by renowned glassmaker and jeweller ren lalique in 1888 . lalique is best known for producing glass art , including perfume bottles , vases , and hood ornaments during the early twentieth century . following the death of ren , lalique transitioned to producing lead glass works during the 1950s while under the direction of rens son , marc lalique . since 2010 , lalique has been owned by swiss company art and fragrance .
ferrovie emilia romagna is a secondary bus and railway company of emilia-romagna , northern italy . the company was formed in 1997 by acquisition by the emilia-romagna region of four previous state-owned railway companies : the ferrovie padane the ferrovia suzzaraferrara spa the gestione commissariale governativa delle ferrovie venete - ferrovia bologna-portomaggiore -LRB- .
thredup is a fashion resale website for consumers to buy and sell secondhand clothing online . thredup is part of a larger collaborative consumption movement , which encourages consumers to live in a more collective , sharing economy . other u.s. companies in the recommerce industry with thredup include gazelle , usell , nextworth , and the realreal . thredup is advised by current netflix ceo reed hastings and former ebay ceo , brian swette .
apm automation solutions is an israeli-based developer of solids volume and level measurement instrumentation established in tel aviv , israel . the apm technology is used in all the bulk solids industries such as : food and beverage , metals and mining , power , cement , coal , chemical , pulp and paper , and other industries . the outfit recently became part of the emerson process management business under rosemount brand .
maurel is a surname , and may refer to : abdias maurelpatrice maurelvictor maurel , french operatic baritone .
zf friedrichshafen ag , also known as zf group , and commonly abbreviated to zf , is a german car parts maker headquartered in friedrichshafen , in the south-west german region of baden-wrttemberg . specialising in engineering , it is primarily known for its design , research and development , and manufacturing activities in the automotive industry .
chempro , inc. was a consumers goods company based in spartanburg , south carolina . the corporation made branded and private label heavy-duty household cleaning products sold through dollar store , mass and grocery channels .
sims metal management is the leading metals and electronics recycling company in the world . the company specializes in ferrous and non-ferrous metals recycling , post-consumer electronic goods recycling , and municipal waste recycling . its primary operations are located in the united states , australia , and the uk .
gyldendal norsk forlag , commonly referred to as gyldendal n.f. and in norway often only as gyldendal , is one of the largest norwegian publishing houses . founded in 1925 , it should not be confused with the publishing house gyldendal headquartered in copenhagen , which was founded in 1770 and which was formerly the leading publishing house of both denmark and norway .
osk holdings berhad is a public company listed on the main board of bursa malaysia securities berhad . despite its public-listing status , it is 80.76 % owned by individuals with the lions share of it owned by its ceo ong leong huat . after commencing business in 1963 , the history of osk has been characterised by four decades of positive growth with a reasonably sound track record despite several ownership changes .
ggb bearing technology , formerly glacier garlock bearings , manufactures self-lubricating and prelubricated plain bearings for various industries and applications . it has production facilities in the u.s. , germany , france , slovakia , brazil and china . the company is an enpro industries , inc. company .
bergstrom nutrition is a united states dietary supplement manufacturer . as of june 2015 , they are the only north american manufactures of methylsulfonylmethane , an ingredient utilized in dietary supplement products . bergstrom nutrition use proprietary technologies for the distillation and purification of msm .
silversmith capital partners is a growth equity investment firm based in boston , massachusetts . it was founded in 2015 by alumni from bain capital and spectrum equity , and closed its first fund that year , a usd $ 460 million fund to invest in technology and healthcare businesses .
rainbow shops , commonly referred to as just rainbow is a privately held , moderately priced american retail apparel chain comprising several lifestyle brands primarily targeting teens and young women . the company is headquartered in brooklyn , ny .
d.h. griffin companies is a group of six independently owned but integrated companies that perform contract demolition as well as environmental and site development services . it was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in greensboro , north carolina . they were the largest contractor responsible for cleaning up the world trade center after the september 11 attacks . the current president is david griffin jr.
ono is a spanish broadband communication and entertainment company , delivering integrated telephone , television and internet services to its residential customers . in this segment , it has 3.7 million services contracted and over six million users . about ono , it is a film production company only for justin and the knights of valour . ono was incorporated in 1998 .
ms parafly was a german aircraft manufacturer based in mestetten and founded by martin sauter . the company specialized in the design and manufacture of paramotors in the form of ready-to-fly aircraft for the us far 103 ultralight vehicles rules and the european microlight categories . the company seems to have been founded about 2001 and gone out of business in 2005 . the companys products consisted of the skyward line of paramotors , all powered by the solo 210 engine series .
datamost was a computer book publisher and computer game company founded by david gordon and based in chatsworth , california . datamost operated in the early 1980s producing games and other software mainly for the apple ii , commodore 64 and atari 8-bit family , with some for the ibm pc . it also published educational and reference materials related to computers and computer programming .
danby is the name of a line of appliances marketed by danby appliances inc. , led by owner and ceo , jim estill . the company claimed the largest market share in the compact appliance category in north america . it is a privately held canadian company headquartered on the outskirts of guelph , ontario . the company has additional locations in findlay , ohio , tolleson , arizona , sarland , alabama and foxboro , massachusetts as well as a location in guangzhou , china .
afghan telecom is a telecom company offering fixed line , wireless voice and data services under a 25-year license in afghanistan . the company was previously government owned and operated until 2005 when the afghan ministry of communications spun it off into a private entity . in 2008 , investors are being sought for an 80 % stake of the company . the government will retain 20 % , and the investment payment will go to the general budget of the government of afghanistan .
h is the eighth letter in the iso basic latin alphabet .
state bank of southern utah is a community bank in southwestern utah . its corporate headquarters are located in cedar city . it was established in 1957 and has 12 branches . the president is eric schmutz . in 2017 , the bank has over 200 employees in twelve locations with over $ 950 million in assets . most of its lending is for land purchases and small-business loans . the vast majority of its mortgages are sold on to the federal housing administration or fannie mae .
directv cinema is a video on demand platform and ppv channel available to all directv users . directv cinema releases the latest films , as well as releasing films before they debut in theaters .
patheon n.v. is a pharmaceutical contract development and manufacturing organization headquartered in amsterdam . it provides contract development and manufacturing services of prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products for approximately 400 pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies . it was founded in 1974 as custom pharmaceuticals ltd. , and changed its name to patheon in 1993 when it was first publicly traded .
akd securities ltd. is an investment securities firm in pakistan . akd publishes an investment guide research service bulletin , akd securities equity research .
umeme company limited is the largest energy distributor in uganda , distributing 97 percent of all electricity used in the country . the shares of the stock of the company are listed on the uganda securities exchange and are cross listed on the nairobi stock exchange . as of june 2015 , the companys total assets were approximately ugx :1.775 trillion , with shareholders equity of approximately ugx :503.8 billion .
diono is an american company that manufactures child safety seats as well as travel , stroller and car seat accessories . based in sumner , washington , diono was founded in 1999 as sunshine kids juvenile products . it introduced a device to tighten seat belts used with car seats to the industry and holds various patents . in 2006 the radian was the first steel framed folding car seat .
litton entertainment is an american media and production company based in charleston , south carolina as an autonomous division of the hearst television subsidiary of the hearst corporation , with four additional offices in boston , new york city , washington , d.c. , and burbank , california . many of littons programs comply with federally mandated educational and informational requirements .
ore-ida is an american brand of potato-based frozen foods currently produced and distributed by the h. j. heinz company . ore-idas primary production facility is located in ontario , oregon , and the company once employed over 1,000 local residents . currently , the company has about 650 employees . it is generally considered a leading potato brand in the american market , consistently accounting for a large amount of processed potatoes sold .
fancy fortune cookies is a company , founded by mike l. fry in 1988 , that produces custom fortune cookies .
boghammar marin ab is a small family-owned company on liding , sweden that specializes in the construction and building of aluminium boats like fast patrol boats , police boats , passenger vessels , sea fisheries/protection vessels and so on . the company was founded in 1906 by the brothers anders gustafsson and reinhold andersson as gustafsson & andersson and was until 1913 located in stockholm . since 1928 the company has made aluminium boats .
claim jumper restaurant and saloon is an american restaurant chain with more than 40 locations . the company is based in houston , texas . claim jumper is wholly owned by landrys , inc.
tonybet is an international online gaming company providing sports betting , live betting and live gaming services . the tonybet website offers a unique live gaming service allowing the players to place bets on lottery , casino , poker and other games live . established in 2009 tonybet now operates by the uk and estonian gaming licenses allowing the company to provide its services to the entire european market .
strouss was a department store serving the u.s. states of ohio and pennsylvania . originally known as strouss-hirshberg co. , it was long the leading department store in the greater youngstown , ohio and the mahoning/shenango valleys . under the ownership of may department stores , which purchased strouss in 1947 , its name was shortened to strouss and was expanded throughout northern ohio and western pennsylvania under the leadership of c.j. strouss , then president of strouss .
semtech corporation is a supplier of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors . it is based in camarillo , ventura county , southern california . the company sells proprietary solutions and technology in power management , protection , advanced communications , human interface , test & measurement , as well as wireless and sensing products .
a is the first letter and the first vowel of the iso basic latin alphabet . it is similar to the ancient greek letter alpha , from which it derives . the upper-case version consists of the two slanting sides of a triangle , crossed in the middle by a horizontal bar . the lower-case version can be written in two forms : the double-storey a and single-storey .
eas is a distributor of creatine nutritional supplements with approximately 300 staff , annual sales exceeding $ 300 million , and offices/distributors in 54 countries .
ceradyne , incorporated is a wholly owned subsidiary of 3m based in the united states . ceradyne , inc. is a manufacturer of advanced ceramic systems and components and involved in many technical industries including nuclear power , oil and gas , solar energy , automotive , and defense . it is traded on the nasdaq stock market .
pars oil company is an oil refining company with headquarters in tehran .
3d entertainment film holdings is a producer and distributor of 3d films for imax and digital 3d theatrical exhibition through its divisions 3d entertainment films , which produces films , and 3d entertainment distribution , which handles theatrical sales and marketing . the company has offices in london , los angeles , and paris .
candela laser corporation is an american laser company that develops and sells medical lasers for cosmetic use located in wayland , massachusetts .
merchant ivory productions is a film company founded in 1961 by producer ismail merchant and director james ivory . their films were for the most part produced by merchant , directed by ivory , and 23 were scripted by ruth prawer jhabvala in some capacity , all but two of those with solo credit . the films were often based upon novels or short stories , particularly the work of henry james , e. m. forster , and two novels by jhabvala herself .
the nigp commodity/services code is an acronym for the national institute of governmental purchasings commodity/services code . the nigp code is a coding taxonomy used primarily to classify products and services procured by state and local governments in north america .
designcrowd is an online crowdsourcing platform founded in 2008 .
vitas healthcare is the largest provider of hospice care in the united states . vitas healthcare operates 44 hospice programs in 15 states and employs 11,669 professionals , according to the companys website . vitas is a subsidiary of publicly traded chemed corporation , which also owns plumbing company roto-rooter .
tsubakimoto chain co. . is a japanese manufacturer of power transmission and roller chain products . it was founded in osaka in 1917 as a bicycle chain manufacturer . later it became the first roller chain manufacturer in japan approved by japanese industrial standards .
blue ribbon was the budget computer software publishing label of cds micro systems . the label launched in 1985 mostly made up of games from the mrm software back catalogue . mrm had been a label producing games for the bbc micro and acorn electron . blue ribbon reissued these and also converted them to other platforms including atari 8-bit , amstrad cpc , msx and commodore 16/plus/4 .
keller williams realty is an american international real estate franchise with headquarters in austin , texas . founded in 1983 by gary keller and joe williams , it grew from a single office in austin to approximately 900 + offices with over 170,000 associates worldwide as of november 2017 . it is the largest real estate franchise by agent count in the world , and one of the largest privately held global residential real estate brokerages .
chaiseri metal and rubber co. , ltd. also known as just chaiseri is a thai arms manufacturing company . describing itself as a defense land system specialist , chaiseri designs , manufactures , and upgrades armoured vehicles , their subsystems , and track systems . besides being a supplier to the royal thai army , the company exports to 37 countries including several arab states , argentina , bangladesh , chile , denmark , malaysia , norway , pakistan , philippines , sweden , russia , singapore , ukraine .
hathor exploration limited is a uranium exploration company based in vancouver , british columbia , canada . its exploration office is located in saskatoon , saskatchewan , canada . hathors exploration projects concentrate on properties within the athabasca basin of northern saskatchewan , canada .
papayamobile also known as papaya , is a mobile technology company responsible for three mobile products : appflood , a programmatic mobile advertising platform , papaya games , a mobile games development studio , and kiwi calendar , a calendar app for mobile and web users . papaya is based in beijing with offices in san francisco and london .
electrocomponents plc is a british-based distributor of electronics , automation and control components , engineering tools and consumables . it is headquartered in pancras square london , england and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
pirtek is a company specialising in providing industrial piping systems . it was founded in australia in 1980 by peter duncan , expanding into the united kingdom in 1988 and the united states in 1996 . it operates its business using a franchise model .
voxelstorm ltd is a british independent game development studio , video game publisher and music publisher . the company was founded by eugene hopkinson , and is based in england and scotland . voxelstorm has developed and released several games , most nostably advertcity and sphereface.voxelstorm writes their game engines in-house , allowing them to have full control over what they are producing .
wittenstein se is a german manufacturer of planetary gearheads , gearing technology , complete electromechanical drive systems and ac servo systems and motors .
cambridge is a university city and the county town of cambridgeshire , england , on the river cam approximately 50 miles north of london . at the united kingdom census 2011 , its population was 123,867 including 24,506 students . cambridge became an important trading centre during the roman and viking ages , and there is archaeological evidence of settlement in the area as early as the bronze age .
dongfeng renault automobile company or dongfeng renault is an equally owned chinese joint venture between car manufacturers dongfeng motor group and renault aimed to produce and sell renault-badged vehicles , established in 2013 . the joint venture emerged from sanjiang renault , a previous partnership between renault and sanjiang space established in 1993 .
the custer channel wing corporation was an american aircraft manufacturer that specialized in the design of aircraft utilizing the channel wing . the company was active between 1951 and the 1970s .
telkomtelstra is a telecommunications company based in jakarta , indonesia . it was formed as a joint venture between telkom indonesia , the nations largest fixed-line operator , and australian telecommunications company , telstra . telkomtelstra offers managed network services , wan optimisation , managed cloud services , software as a service , infrastructure as a service , platform as a service , unified communication and collaboration services , managed security services , and professional services .
kmart corporation is an american big box department store chain headquartered in hoffman estates , illinois , united states . the company was incorporated in 1916 as s. s. kresge corporation and renamed to kmart corporation in 1977 . the first store with the kmart name opened in 1962 . at its peak in 2000 , kmart operated 2,171 stores including 105 super kmart center locations .
meed , abbreviated from the former name middle east economic digest , is a business intelligence tool for the middle east and north africa , providing analysis and commentary on middle eastern markets , companies , people and data on the regional projects market .
alphagraphics is a franchised chain of more than 260 independently owned and operated marketing service providers with full-service print shops . alphagraphics business centers are franchised by alphagraphics , inc. , part of the blackstreet group of companies . alphagraphics was founded by entrepreneur rodger ford in tucson , arizona , in 1969 , and began franchising in 1979 . in 1985 , the company became the first desktop publishing retailer .
gujarat state petroleum corporation ltd group is a group of oil and gas exploration , production and distribution companies based in gujarat , india . it is indias only state government-owned oil and gas company with the government of gujarat holding approximately 95 % equity stake . gspc was incorporated in 1979 as a petrochemical company .
whites boots is a spokane , washington based boot making company that specializes in making handcrafted leather work boots .
karelia tobacco company inc. is an international tobacco company headquartered in the city of kalamata , greece . it is also the countrys largest tobacco manufacturer and exporter of fine tobacco products . karelia brands are sold in more than 65 countries around the globe in western and eastern europe , the far east , the middle east , the persian gulf and africa . its brands include george karelias and sons , karelia slims , om , karelia family , karelia royal , american legend and leader .
tangerine bank , operating as tangerine , is a canadian direct bank and a subsidiary of scotiabank . it offers no-fee chequing and savings accounts , guaranteed investment certificates , mortgages , and mutual funds . many savings and investment products are eligible for registration under a tax-free savings account , registered retirement savings plan , or registered retirement income fund .
heron foods ltd. is an english retail chain founded in 1979 and based in melton with 243 stores . it primarily sells frozen food , but has a wide range of dry and chilled stock with named brands including muller , birds eye and mccain foods , as well as several lines using the heron foods brand .
newspapers of new england inc. is a privately owned publisher of nine daily and weekly newspapers in the u.s. states of massachusetts and new hampshire . the companys flagship publication is the concord monitor , in new hampshires capital . its largest circulation newspaper in massachusetts is the daily hampshire gazette of northampton .
clearsign combustion is a united states-based company that develops emission-control technology .
legendo entertainment is a sweden-based creator and publisher of games and entertainment properties based on myths , legends , vintage arcade games , comic books , classic novels and historical events . the company is best known for its loose remakes of classic literary works by bram stoker and alexandre dumas as well as the attack on pearl harbor and pearl harbor trilogy series of ww2 air-combat action games .
purity factories limited is a food processing company based in st. johns , newfoundland . founded in 1924 by c. c. pratt , a. e. hickman , and w. r. goobie , purity is known for its cream crackers , peppermint nobs , candy kisses , and flavoured syrups . the company also makes several varieties of hard bread , a staple of the newfoundland diet formerly used by fishermen as a bread substitute and as an ingredient in fish and brewis .
gomedia is a british company which supplies a management system which delivers entertainment packages featuring blockbuster films for travelers on trains and coaches . in 2015 , gomedia won the contract for providing end-to-end content sourcing and management system to passengers on eurostar train services .
ligne roset is a french modern furniture company that has over 200 stores and more than 1,000 retail distributors worldwide . the company was founded by antoine roset in 1860 in montagnieu , france as a small business manufacturing bentwood walking sticks . in 1936 , the company started manufacturing upholstered furniture and presently they design and manufacture household furniture , lighting , accessories , and textiles from a team of 50 european designers .
bashundhara group is one of the largest industrial conglomerates of bangladesh . it began in 1987 as a real estate company venture under the name east west property development ltd . the first project of ewpd turned out to be very successful . after then , the company grew very quickly . it presently owns more than 20 major concerns located throughout bangladesh .
fpt software is a global software outsourcing and technology company based in vietnam . it is part of fpt corporation , a multinational information technology company of vietnam . fpt software provides services in analytics , iot , mobility , cloud , embedded system , q & a testing , legacy migration , package implementation , application service , and bpo services globally from delivery centers in the united states , japan , europe , australia , vietnam and the asia pacific .
united test and assembly center ltd is one of the largest providers of test and assembly services for a wide range of semiconductor devices , including memory , mixed-signal/rf and logic integrated circuits . founded in 1997 and commencing full operations in 1999 , the company started out by acquiring the semiconductor test operations of fujitsu microelectronics asia pte. ltd.
ags entertainment is a film production and distribution company in india . it was established in 2006 by three brothers kalpathi s. aghoram , kalpathi s.ganesh and kalpathi s. suresh .
ruby-spears productions was a burbank , california-based american entertainment production company that specialized in animation with another branch in rome , italy . the firm was founded in 1977 by veteran writers joe ruby and ken spears .
scandinavian tobacco group is a manufacturer of cigars and traditional pipe tobacco . the company is headquartered in copenhagen , denmark , and is a publicly listed company on nasdaq copenhagen .
bookeen is french company dealing with e-books and consumer electronics .
delaware investments was a us-based asset management firm with $ 174.2 billion in assets under management as of september 30 , 2016 with 132 portfolio managers , analysts , and traders . it is a wholly owned subsidiary of australias macquarie group . in april 2017 , delaware investments was rebranded as macquarie investment management , effectively ending the original entity .
chukong technologies is an international mobile entertainment platform company headquartered in beijing . chukong maintains four core business practices : game engine development , mobile game development , publishing , and developer community support . in january 2014 , chukong was named the third largest chinese mobile developer . in addition to its headquarters in beijing , chukong technologies also has offices in menlo park , tokyo , seoul , and taipei .
sparx systems is an australian software company founded by geoffrey sparks in 1996 in creswick , victoria in australia , known for the development of the unified modeling language tool enterprise architect . sparx systems specializes in the development of visual tools for planning , design and development of software intensive systems . this company is known for the development of enterprise architect released in 2000 , which is nowadays considered one of the more advanced tool sets for uml .
erlebachers was a high-fashion ladies specialty store that operated in washington , d.c. the location at 1222 f. street , nw , opened on october 14 , 1907 , as g. erlebacher . the owners , mr. and mrs. gustav erlbacher were buyers for the hecht company in baltimore before opening the store in washington . it was described as follows : opening - tomorrow g. erlebacher throws open the door of his handsome new store .
house of anansi press is a canadian publishing company , founded in 1967 by writers dennis lee and dave godfrey . the company specializes in finding and developing new canadian writers of literary fiction , poetry , and non-fiction .
nfon ag is a provider of cloud-based telephone systems , with its headquarters in munich , germany . the company was founded in 2007 and operates in germany , austria , switzerland , the netherlands , hungary , the uk , slovenia , croatia , czech republic , ireland , romania and turkey . nfons uk entity , was established in april 2013 to extend robust and reliable business communications services to uk enterprises with no minimum contract term .
national benzole was a petroleum brand used in the united kingdom from 1919 to the 1960s . in 1957 the national benzole co. became wholly owned by shell-mex and b.p. ltd but continued its separate trading identity . in the early 1960s national benzole was re-branded as national and continued trading as a uk retailer of petroleum products until the early 1990s , when the brand was phased out by parent company bp .
luscious cosmetics is an independent beauty brand founded in 2007 by beauty aficionado and entrepreneur , mehrbano sethi . it has a strict cruelty free policy against animal testing and all products are free from any animal-derived ingredients . products include lip , eye , face as well as beauty tools . luscious cosmetics is sold in the united arab emirates on souq and the beauty floor , in more than 400 stores in pakistan and launched online sales in the usa in the summer of 2017 and on amazon.com .
bell helicopter textron inc. is an american aerospace manufacturer headquartered in fort worth , texas . a division of textron , bell manufactures military rotorcraft in and around fort worth , as well as in amarillo , texas , and commercial helicopters in mirabel , quebec , canada . bell provides training and support services worldwide .
42 technologies inc. is a cloud-based business-to-business predictive analytics platform for retailers . it consolidates point of sale data to allow retailers to leverage data across various platforms and more easily identify key trends among customers and sales .
s is the 19th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
neighborly is a san francisco-based online investment platform that allows individuals to invest in civic projects through municipal bonds . the company began as a donation-based civic crowdfunding platform for civic projects . neighborly has since evolved toward becoming an investing platform . neighborly provides publicly available finance information on its website and sells municipal securities through its affiliated registered broker-dealer , neighborly securities .
blue stream provides cable television , cable telephone , dvr , and up to 1 gig internet speed broadband services to customers in the florida communities of coral springs and weston . previously named coral springs cablevision , the coral springs portion of the company was purchased by schurz communications in 1978 who changed the name to advanced cable communications .
urschel laboratories inc. is a global retailer of food-processing machinery , based in chesterton , indiana . the company was founded by william urschel in 1910 , after he invented a gooseberry snipper . the companys headquarters were located on south napoleon street in valparaiso , indiana , from 1910 until 1957 , when a new plant was constructed on calumet avenue , also in valparaiso . the company moved to a new facility in nearby chesterton in 2015 .
tvs supply chain solutions is a firm that supplies spare parts and components to customers in the automotive , defence and utility sectors in the united kingdom , europe and the us.the company is split into two divisions : tvs supply chain solutions and tvs defence . tvss major customers include ldv , isuzu , modec and dennis eagle in the automotive sector bae systems , mbda and the ministry of defence in the defence sector and anglian water .
the greater richmond transit company , known locally as grtc transit system , is a local government-owned public service company which operates an urban-suburban bus line based in richmond , virginia . grtc primarily serves the independent city of richmond and a very small portion of the adjacent counties of henrico and chesterfield with a fleet of over 175 diesel-powered and cng-powered transit buses operating approximately 59 routes .
the nose electric railway co. , ltd. dentetsu -RRB- , occasionally abbreviated as nose railway or noseden -LRB- -RRB- , is a japanese private railway company headquartered in kawanishi , hyogo , which links several areas in the mountainous nose , osaka , area to kawanishi-noseguchi station in kawanishi , where one can transfer to hankyu takarazuka line to osaka . nose electric railway is a principal subsidiary of hankyu corporation .
helloworld is a digital engagement agency specializing in mobile , social media , and web campaigns . headquartered in detroit , helloworld also has offices in new york , chicago , nashville , los angeles and seattle .
duncan channon is an advertising agency in san francisco , california . it was founded in 1990 by robert duncan and parker channon .
psecu or the pennsylvania state employees credit union is a credit union headquartered in harrisburg , pennsylvania . psecu serves over 400,000 members and has over $ 5 billion in assets .
lesta studio is a game developer based in saint petersburg , russia . lesta has launched eight titles in cooperation with russian and international game publishers .
agis is a former internet backbone based in dearborn , michigan , united states . it is most remembered as having openly hosted spam email services , which destroyed its reputation and led to its bankruptcy .
backoffice associates , llc is a massachusetts-based software and services company focused on information governance , data migration , master data management and data quality for enterprise systems .
fnc entertainment is a south korean entertainment company established in 2006 by south korean singer and record producer han seong-ho . the label operates as a record label , talent agency , music production company , event management and concert production company , and music publishing house .
zum weinberg is a traditional wine tavern founded in 1354 and located in the historic center of wismar city , mecklenburg-vorpommern federal state in northern germany . in 20th century the restaurant was reconstructed and the guest rooms were created from the hall and on the first floor .
quake global is a technology company that provides solutions for asset tracking and locating . quake global designs and implements facility or campus level asset tracking solutions typically based around rfid technology . quake global also designs and implements machine to machine communication devices that enable customers to utilize terrestrial networks or satellite networks to locate , track , monitor and control devices globally .
schindler elevator corporation is the american division of schindler group , and traces its origins back to 1869 with the establishment of the haughton elevator company and 1928 with the founding of the westinghouse elevator division .
comdata is a payment processor and issuer of fleet fuel cards , corporate spend cards , paperless payroll cards , virtual payments , and trucking permits .
