the new kolb aircraft company is an american aircraft manufacturer that produces kitplanes for amateur construction .
kum may refer to : kum , a serbian and ukrainian form of a godfather , similar to a blood brotherkum .
canadian tire financial services ltd. , doing business as canadian tire bank , is the financial services subsidiary of the canadian tire retail chain . the bank is based in oakville and has additional business operations in st. catharines and welland .
the bronner bros. enterprise is one of the largest private african american hair and skin care producers in the united states . founded in 1947 by brothers dr. nathaniel h. bronner , sr. and arthur e. bronner , sr. , bronner bros. has over 300 full-time and part-time staff members . the company headquarters is located in marietta , georgia .
rgb entertainment is a production company from argentina . it was established in the year 2000 .
chalkwell coaches is a bus and coach tour operator in sittingbourne , kent .
stoddard-dayton was a high quality car manufactured by dayton motor car company in dayton , ohio , usa , between 1905 and 1913 . john w. stoddard and his son charles g. stoddard were the principals in the company .
andritz ag is an austrian plant engineering group with headquarters in graz . the group gets its name from the district of andritz in which it is located . andritz employs more than 25,686 employees at over 250 production and service facilities . in 2012 , the company reported a revenue of 5.17 billion , a gross profit of 334 million and a net profit of 242 million .
betfred is a bookmaker based in the united kingdom , founded by fred and peter done . it was first established as a single shop in ordsall , salford , in 1967 . its turnover in 2004 was more than 3.5 billion , having risen from 550 million in 2003 . it has its head office is in birchwood , warrington and also has offices in media city , salford quays , salford .
mountview house group limited was a taxi holding company , based in finsbury park in the north london borough of islington , comprising radio taxis , xeta and one transport . in 2016 , the company was acquired by gett , inc.
for the russian bus manufacturing company see : liaz liaz is a defunct czech and czechoslovak manufacturer of trucks . the company was formed in 1951 by the government as a division of koda , incorporating eight other truck manufacturers into a single conglomerate . liazs headquarters in liberec were where the erstwhile reichenberger automobilfabrik had been located , one of the companies which made up liaz .
azer-turk bank is a private commercial bank established on may 25 , 1995 based on a license issued by the national bank of azerbaijan republic . the banks total capital exceeded azn 50 mln .
mountain safety research , or msr , is an american corporation founded in 1969 by larry penberthy , located in seattle , washington and owned by cascade designs . msr is a producer of camping , hiking and mountaineering equipment , such as portable stoves , water filters , snowshoes , snow tools , and tents . while specializing in lightweight and technical equipment , msrs gear is designed for a wide range of outdoor enthusiasts from novice to expert mountaineers .
j. b. lippincott & co. was an american publishing house founded in philadelphia , pennsylvania in 1836 by joshua ballinger lippincott . it was incorporated in 1885 as j. b. lippincott company .
nav is a seed and early-stage venture capital firm investing in technology businesses wrapped around emerging , consumer trends . the firm invests nationally in companies related to cyber security , mobile , ecommerce , digital media , higher education and the business of healthcare . these include : invincea , tvu networks , moda operandi , scoutmob , solve media , and qliance . the firm manages $ 275 million from offices in cambridge , massachusetts and reston , virginia .
tag tegernsee immobilien und beteiligungs-ag is a property company from germany with its head office in hamburg . until 1998 as tegernsee-bahn it operated the railway line from schaftlach via gmund to tegernsee . the company is listed in the share index , mdax .
kumba iron ore is an iron-ore mining company in south africa . it is the fourth largest iron-ore producer in the world and the largest in africa .
hyperloop transportation technologies , also known as htt , is an american research company formed using a crowd collaboration approach to develop a transportation system based on the hyperloop concept , which was envisioned by elon musk in 2013 . the concept of the hyperloop was popularized by elon musk , not affiliated with htt .
neversoft entertainment was an american video game developer , founded in july 1994 by joel jewett , mick west and chris ward . neversoft is known for the tony hawks and guitar hero video game franchises . the company was acquired by activision in october 1999 . the studio was merged with infinity ward on may 3 , 2014 and was made defunct on july 10 , 2014 .
viasat inc. is a communications company based in carlsbad , california , with additional operations across the united states and worldwide . viasat is a provider of high-speed satellite broadband services and secure networking systems covering military and commercial markets . over the past 30 years , viasat has grown from a company of 3 to more than 4,500 employees across 10 countries and 26 office locations .
krung thai bank public company limited is a state-owned bank under license issued by the ministry of finance . ktbs swift code is krththbk .
tele2 netherlands holding b.v. is a listed telecommunications company operating on the dutch and belgian market . it has more than 1,900 employees and over 1 million customers . tele2 from sweden owns over 75 % of the shares . the company has a product portfolio of fixed telephony , mobile telephony , broadband internet and digital tv products .
tango gameworks is a japanese video game developer based in tokyo , japan . founded in march 2010 by japanese creative director shinji mikami , previously of capcom , the company was acquired by zenimax media in october that year . tango gameworks developed the evil within , a well-received survival horror game , which was released in 2014 , and the evil within 2 , released in 2017 .
the eagle star insurance company plc was a leading british insurance business . it underwrote the full range of risks including liability , fire , accident , marine , motor , life , contingency and pluvius insurance . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
freenet digital gmbh and jesta digital -RRB- is a german mobile content provider , including wireless carriers and handset manufacturers . the company has operated jamba , jamster , mobizzo , bitbop , ilove , and motility ads .
tech safe systems ltd. an outreach company is a norfolk-based company that are specialists in the design , engineering and manufacturing of launch and recovery systems , control cabins , workshops for rovs , and electric and hydraulic winches , most commonly in the deep water industries .
marvel television is a division of marvel entertainment , llc in the walt disney company conglomerate . the division is responsible for live-action and animated television shows and direct-to-dvd series . the division is based at affiliate abc studios location . most of the live-action shows produced by the division are set within the marvel cinematic universe , sharing continuity with the films produced by marvel studios .
the digital media factory is a multi-media design , production and post-production facility founded by marty collins and wife , ginny mitchell along with partners ned hearn and brian critchlow . they are located in santa cruz , california in the former wrigley gum manufacturing facility located at 2809 mission street on the west end of santa cruz .
engro corporation is a pakistani public multinational corporation based in karachi with subsidiaries involved in production of fertilizers , foods , chemicals , energy and petrochemicals . its major subsidiaries include engro fertilizers - which is one of the largest fertilizer manufacturers of the world , engro foods which manufactures , processes and markets dairy products , frozen desserts , faizan steels and fruit drinks including the ice cream brand of omor .
aero controls , inc. is an aerospace engineering company founded in october 1984 by john titus , the ceo and president of the company , headquartered in seattle , washington .
oag is an air travel intelligence company based in united kingdom . it provides digital information and applications to the worlds airlines , airports , government agencies and travel-related service companies . oag is best known for its airline schedules database which holds future and historical flight details for more than 900 airlines and over 4,000 airports .
cinergy corp. was an energy company based in cincinnati , ohio , united states , from 1994 to 2006 . its name is a play on the words synergy and cincinnati .
homebridge financial services , inc. , is a privately held , non-bank loan company based in the united states . the company currently comprises approximately 3,000 associates and over 250 retail branches . the company also includes two separate wholesale loan operations , homebridge wholesale , and remn wholesale .
topper is a sportswear brand owned by alpargatas , with business in south america and asia . its products range from footwear and clothing to underwear , sport bags , balls , and equipment in general for football , basketball , volleyball , rugby union and tennis . in brazil , topper supplies athletic footwear and garments for outdoor and indoor football and other sports . the brand is also operating in japan , south korea , singapore and other asian countries .
s2 games is a video game development company which was founded by marc maliken deforest , jesse hayes , and sam mcgrath , based in rohnert park , california . they also have a development location in kalamazoo , michigan . the company slogan is dedicated employees serving dedicated gamers . continuous development . never-ending improvement .
tui group aktiengesellschaft -RRB- is a anglo-german travel and tourism company headquartered in hannover , germany . it is the largest leisure , travel and tourism company in the world , and owns travel agencies , hotels , airlines , cruise ships and retail stores . the group owns six european airlines - the largest holiday fleet in europe - and nine tour operators based in europe .
national record mart , known as nrm for short , was an american music store chain . the first music store chain in the united states , it was founded in 1937 in pittsburgh , pennsylvania , and operated more than 130 locations at its peak . other stores under its ownership included oasis , music x , waves music , and vibes . the chain filed for bankruptcy in 2001 and closed the last of its stores in 2002 .
grupo radio centro is a mexico city-based owner and operator of radio stations . it owns 45 radio stations in mexico and the united states , including 12 radio stations in mexico city .
ideel , formerly ideeli , is a flash sale based online retailer based in new york city .
citic group corporation ltd. , formerly the china international trust investment corporation , is a state-owned investment company of the peoples republic of china , established by rong yiren in 1979 with the approval of deng xiaoping . its headquarters are in chaoyang district , beijing . as of 2017 , it is one of chinas biggest conglomerates , with one of the largest foreign assets in the world .
m-audio is a business unit of inmusic brands that designs and markets digital audio and midi interfaces , keyboards and midi controllers , synthesizers , loudspeakers , studio monitors , digital dj systems , microphones , and music software . the company has independent offices in the us , canada , uk , germany , france and japan .
kinda funny is an online entertainment company that produces videos on video game culture , film , television , and comics . kinda funny creates content on two youtube channels : the primary kinda funny channel features primarily comedy videos such as kinda funny : the animated series , as well as kinda funnys flagship podcast the gameovergreggy show , while kinda funny games is the companys video game arm focusing on lets plays and the weekly podcast the kinda funny gamescast .
probuild holdings is one of the largest privately held diversified suppliers of lumber and building materials to professional builders and contractors in the united states .
steelseries is a danish manufacturer of gaming peripherals and accessories , including headsets , keyboards , mice , and gaming surfaces .
hsin tung yang is a food service company and retailer based in taipei , taiwan .
hell pizza is a new zealand-based pizza chain . hell began in new zealand in 1996 next to victoria university , and has expanded within new zealand and to the uk , ireland , canada , korea and india . a store was previously open in queensland , australia though has since closed .
mercer was an american automobile manufacturer from 1909 until 1925 . it was notable for its high-performance cars , especially the type 35 raceabout .
pota srbije is the national postal service of serbia , with the headquarters in belgrade . public postal service was first introduced in serbia in 1840 . the first stamp was printed in 1866 . in 1874 it founded the universal postal union together with 21 other countries .
fullbeauty brands is an american plus size womens and mens apparel and home goods holding company based in new york city . as of 2015 the companys ceo was paul tarvin .
vanbreda international was a diversified cross-border health care insurance provider , headquartered in antwerp , belgium . its core business was setting up and administering health insurance programmes and employee benefits for intergovernmental organisations , multinational corporations and their international workforce . on tuesday , august 31 , 2010 - vanbreda international was acquired by cigna . vanbreda international officially changed its name to cigna on 2 february 2015 .
bessemer trust , founded in 1907 , is a private , independent office that oversees more than $ 140 billion for over 2,500 families , foundations , and endowments . the firm has their headquarters in new york city and 19 regional offices elsewhere in the world .
vantage media is an advertising technology company with headquarters in el segundo , california that specializes in real-time bidding for customer acquisition .
redbrick health is a health technology and services company based in minneapolis , minnesota . redbrick health is privately held and works with large , self-insured employers , progressive health plans , providers and accountable care organizations .
gotoassist is a cloud-based toolset for it support teams and customer support organizations . since 2012 , gotoassist has been composed of 3 integrated modules remote support , it monitoring and service desk management . gotoassist was originally released in 2000 as the first internet-based remote support tool . it is part of the goto family of products created by the saas division of citrix systems .
chornomornaftogaz is an oil and gas company located along krymgazseti in simferopol , crimea . it is legally a subsidiary of ukraines state-owned oil and gas company naftogaz . however , after the 2014 crimean crisis it was seized by the regions parliament in the run-up to its annexation by russia .
wonder workshop is an education and robotics startup based in silicon valley in the united states . formerly called play-i , wonder workshop ran a successful crowdfunding campaign in november 2013 , where they introduced the robots bo and yana . they were subsequently renamed dash and dot before their launch in 2014 . the company has currently raised $ 15.9 million in funding from madrona venture group , crv , wi harper , google ventures , and others .
the national bank of detroit , later renamed nbd bank , was a bank that operated mostly in the midwestern united states . following its merger with first national bank of chicago , the bank was ultimately acquired and merged into bank one , at which point the nbd name was discontinued . today , what was once nbd is owned by jpmorgan chase & co.
entertainment earth is an online retailer and wholesaler of licensed collectibles , including action figures , clothing , statues , prop replicas , games , vinyl figures , dolls , and toys .
asia aluminum is the largest aluminum extrusion group in asia , with an annual designed capacity of 350,000 metric tons . it employed , directly and indirectly , in excess of 10,000 people , predominantly in the asia aluminum industrial city which housed its primary manufacturing facilities , located in the zhaoqing region of the peoples republic of china . asia aluminum made its debut on the hong kong stock exchange in 1998 .
the ernst barre private brewery is a brewery in the east westphalian town of lbbecke in the north-western german district of minden-lbbecke . it was founded by ernst johann barre in 1842 . along with its immediate competitor , the herforder brauerei , it is one of the largest breweries in east westphalia , and is thus of regional importance .
the donric group is an australian owner of bus and coach companies in victoria and queensland .
iabg is a german analysis and test engineering company based in ottobrunn near munich .
tasty bite is a range of consumer packaged goods , of pre-prepared ready to eat , all-natural indian and pan-asian cuisine . launched in 1995 , tasty bite offers over 30 products across 4 categories : entres , rices , noodles and meal inspirations . the flavors range from classic indian restaurant favorites such as a channa masala to unique fusion items such as the tofu corn masala .
directv now is a subscription streaming television service owned by at & t , which allows subscribers in the united states to stream programming from cable channels without the long term commitment . the service was launched on november 30 , 2016 . as of may 2018 , the service has 1.5 million subscribers .
the valentine-seaver company was an american furniture company . it was founded by louis lincoln valentine and andrew e. seaver . in 1927 it was acquired by the kroehler manufacturing company . designs by the company are held in the collection of the cooper-hewitt , national design museum .
perpetual entertainment , founded in march 2002 , was an american developer , publisher and operator of networked multiplayer games and mmorpgs . their headquarters was located in san francisco , california , united states . from october 2007 to february 2008 the company was known as p2 entertainment . the company was best known for its development of two mmos : star trek online and gods & heroes : rome rising .
hitachi shipbuilding corporation is a major japanese industrial and engineering corporation . it produces waste treatment plants , industrial plants , precision machinery , industrial machinery , steel mill process equipment , steel structures , construction machinery , tunneling machines , and power plants . despite its name , hitachi shipbuilding no longer builds ships , having spun this business off in 2002 .
orexo is a pharmaceutical company based in uppsala , sweden initially financed with venture capital provided by healthcap . the company was founded in 1995 and their first product diabact ubt , a breath test for diagnosing the causative agent of stomach ulcers , was introduced in 2000 . in 2003 , the company adopted the name orexo and in 2005 the company was listed on the stockholm stock exchange .
parke-davis is a subsidiary of the pharmaceutical company pfizer . although parke , davis & co. is no longer an independent corporation , it was once americas oldest and largest drug maker , and played an important role in medical history . parke-davis was acquired by warnerlambert in 1970 , which in turn was bought by pfizer in 2000 .
the hinckley & rugby building society is a building society based in hinckley , leicestershire , uk , with origins dating back to 1861 .
intrahealth systems limited is a privately held company that develops , licenses , supports and sells electronic health record software , medical practice management software , and related services . founded in auckland , new zealand by dr. mark matthews and dr. andrew hall in 1997 , they have since moved their headquarters to the city of north vancouver , british columbia , canada in 2005 .
onroute is the operating brand name of host kilmer service centres , a canadian service company which operates highway rest areas along highway 400 and highway 401 in the province of ontario . the company is a joint venture between international hospitality company hmshost and canadian businessman larry tanenbaums investment company kilmer van nostrand . the onroute name is a modified version of the word enroute using the provinces postal abbreviation : on .
plymouth rock studios was a proposed film and television production studio in massachusetts . the studio had held a now-expired option to buy waverly oaks golf club in plymouth as the site for the $ 650 million , 1,260,000-square-foot development originally slated to be complete in 2010 . the proposal included fourteen sound stages 10-acre back lots , a multipurpose theater , a hotel and offices .
greenbutton was a new zealand-based software firm . the company specialized in moving independent software vendors and enterprises to cloud computing . founded in 2006 , greenbutton was based in wellington , new zealand , with additional offices in palo alto , california and seattle . greenbutton was acquired by microsoft on 2 may 2014 its technologies were integrated into its azure service .
pica8 , inc. is a computer networking company headquartered in palo alto , california , united states . pica8 is a vendor of operating systems on white box network switches delivering software-defined networking solutions for datacenter and cloud computing environments .
the sowind group is a swiss haute horlogerie company founded by luigi macaluso and headed by franois-henri pinault as its chairman since july 2011 . kering is the majority shareholder . michele sofisti was named ceo of sowind group in august 2011 .
net 25 is a philippine television network owned and operated by eagle broadcasting corporation . the network is named for its flagship station in metro manila , dzec-tv , which is carried on uhf channel 25 on terrestrial tv , and has carried by major cable operators in the country . the stations broadcast facilities are located at # 25 central ave. , new era , quezon city .
the cable piano company or simply cable company was an american piano manufacturing company founded by herman d. cable in 1880 . it was one of the largest piano makers in chicago . it claimed to be the worlds greatest manufacturer of pianos , inner player pianos , and organs . in 1901 , the company built a factory in st. charles on 3.5 acres west of the fox river .
the leading edge group is an australian-owned buying group with retail shopfronts in australia and new zealand . it began in 1986 as electronic enterprises , a buying group focussed on the home theatre market . in 1997 , a range of buying groups was consolidated under the brand name of the leading edge group , making it one of the largest retail entities in australia .
global capacity is a waltham , massachusetts-based provider of telecommunications connectivity-as-a-service including carrier ethernet , used by companies for internet access and wan connectivity . network services are offered using the companys one marketplace hub , which aggregates the access and pricing information for broadband telecommunications services , including mpls vpn , ethernet over copper and digital subscriber line .
creative impulse entertainment is a transmedia production company founded by jan lucanus in 2003 . with the company mantra intrigue , entertain , inspire social change , cie bills itself as a home for artists that create content across multiple forms of media .
bahnhof is a swedish internet service provider founded in 1994 by oscar swartz in uppsala , sweden , and is the countrys first independent isp . today the company is represented in stockholm , gothenburg , uppsala , borlnge , malm and ume . wikileaks used to be hosted in a bahnhof data center inside the ultra-secure bunker pionen , which is buried inside the white mountains in stockholm .
foster grant , or fostergrant , is an american brand of eyewear founded by sam foster in 1919 . the foster grant brand is a subsidiary company of fgx international , a consumer goods wholesaler with headquarters in smithfield , rhode island , which has been owned by essilor since 2010 .
ecube labs co. , ltd. is a manufacturer of smart and connected waste bins and solar-powered portable waste compactors , reflecting the broader , global trend of internet of things . ecube labs garbage containers are equipped with sensors capable of monitoring their fill-level and bin status . this allows waste collectors to reduce operating costs by up to 80 % through lowering collection frequency .
team rubber is an independently owned group of creative companies founded in bristol in 2001 by three bristol university students , chris quigley , andrew parkhouse and matt golding . the team rubber group comprises three creative companies : rubberductions , delib and rubber republic . a fourth subsidiary , the viral ad network , was acquired by sharethrough in october 2014 . team rubber was ranked number 41 in top 100 south west creative companies in 2009 and number 56 in 2010 .
dsp group , inc. is a provider of chipsets for voip , multimedia , and digital cordless applications . founded in 1987 with headquarters in san jose , california , dsp group employs over 400 people at three us sites and offices in germany , scotland , israel , india , hong kong and japan .
idology , inc. is an identity and age verification provider headquartered in atlanta , georgia with research and development operations located throughout the united states . idology , inc. provides real-time solutions that verify an individuals identity and age for anyone conducting business in a customer-not-present environment .
studio 2000 was a gay pornographic film studio based in san francisco , california . it was founded in 1992 by producer scott masters and director john travis . it was then owned by two former falcon entertainment executives who purchased the studio in april 2006 upon the retirement of masters and travis . aebn acquired the studio in 2011 and currently owns it .
idw publishing is an american publisher of comic books , graphic novels , art books , and comic strip collections . the company was founded as the publishing division of idea and design works , llc and is regularly recognized as the fifth-largest comic book publisher in the united states . the company is perhaps best known for its licensed comic book adaptations of movies , television shows and cartoons .
great central mines was an australian gold mining company . the company lost its independence in 1999 , when it was taken over by normandy mining , and was renamed normandy yandal operations limited in 2000 . the companys takeover however led to lengthy court proceedings , initiated by the australian securities and investments commission , which only finalised in february 2003 . at this stage , normandy mining itself had been taken over by the newmont mining corporation .
bellevue education is an international for-profit education management company , founded in 2003 and based in surrey . it owns ten preparatory schools in the uk and two senior schools , in the uk and in switzerland . in addition to its fee paying schools , it runs seven free schools funded by the state , through its controlling interest in the bellevue place educational trust .
lunarg is a software company specializing in device driver development for video cards .
alteon websystems incorporated , originally known as alteon networks , was a computer network hardware company based in san jose , california . alteon was acquired by nortel networks on october 4 , 2000 . on february 22 , 2009 nortel networks sold the alteon application switching line to radware .
holdsworth is a bicycle manufacturer in london , england . it was created by william frank holdsworth , known as sandy , and is now owned by planet x limited based in rotherham .
brd groupe socit gnrale is a romanian bank in which the french socit gnrale financial group holds a majority stake of 59.37 % . it was rebranded after the socit gnrale acquired banca romn pentru dezvoltare from the romanian government in 1999 . it is currently the third largest bank by assets in romania .
hitachi construction machinery co. , ltd. -LRB- -RRB- is a construction equipment manufacturer in japan , and a hitachi group company . it is listed on the nikkei 225 , under the directorship of ciaran geraghty .
this article is for the brewery , for the beer it produces , see pilsner urquellplzesk prazdroj a.s. is a czech brewery founded in 1842 and headquartered in plze , czech republic . it is the first brewery to produce pilsener blond lager style beer , branded pilsner urquell , making it the inspiration for more than two-thirds of the beer produced in the world today , which are named pils , pilsner and pilsener .
gales is a uk brand of honey and lemon curd , marketed by premier foods .
1000memories was a website that let people organize , share , and discover old photos and memories and to set up family trees . it was shut down in late 2013 after an acquisition by ancestry.com .
nine entertainment company holdings ltd. is an australian publicly listed media company . originally a 50/50 joint venture with consolidated media holdings , in june 2007 pbl announced that it would sell a further 25 % to cvc capital partners for a $ 515 million . in september 2007 , it was announced that the transaction was to go ahead at the increased purchase price of approximately a $ 526 million .
watchmen recording studios is a music recording facility owned and operated by doug white , located in lockport , new york , usa . the studio opened to the public in 1995 , and as of 2013 over 4000 bands and artists have recorded at the location . these include regional and national acts such as gym class heroes , psyopus , the bunny the bear , and brutal truth , as well as labels such as relapse records , victory records , metal blade records , willowtip records and century media records .
motorcoach australia was an australian bus manufacturer in geebung , brisbane .
blue apron inc. is an american ingredient-and-recipe meal kit service . it exclusively operates in the united states . the weekly boxes contain ingredients and also include suggested recipes that must be cooked by hand by the customer using the pre-ordered ingredients . as of september 2016 , the company had shipped 8 million meal servings . in june 2017 , the company went public with an initial public offering .
yonex co. , ltd. . is a japanese manufacturer of sporting equipment for badminton , golf , and tennis , producing rackets , clubs , shoes , shuttlecocks , tennis balls , and other equipment for those sports .
the centre for railway information systems -LCB- -RCB- designs , develops , implements and maintains most of the important information systems of indian railways . it is located in chanakyapuri , new delhi . cris was established in 1986 by the ministry of railways of india .
the continental bank of canada is a chartered bank in canada founded in 2013 . a different bank operated under that name in the early 1980s .
nutonomy is an mit spin-off technology startup company that makes software to build self-driving cars and autonomous mobile robots . the company was founded in 2013 . in august 2016 , it launched its robo-taxi service in singapore .
lord , abbett & co. llc is an independent , privately held investment manager headquartered in jersey city , new jersey . the firm offers a variety of fixedincome and equity strategies to individual and institutional investors .
amrest is a european fast-food and casual dining restaurant operator . the company is primarily based in wrocaw and operates in poland , czech republic , hungary , russia , bulgaria , serbia , croatia , spain , france , germany and the united states . amrest runs more than 1600 restaurants . the company had its initial public offering on the warsaw stock exchange in 2005 .
fred usinger , inc. , better known as usingers , is a sausage-making company located in downtown milwaukee , wisconsin , on old world third street .
lacie is a french computer hardware company specializing in external hard drives , raid arrays , optical drives , flash drives , and computer monitors . the company markets several lines of hard drives with a capacity of up to many terabytes of data , with a choice of interfaces . lacie also has a series of mobile bus-powered hard drives .
rakontur is a miami-based media studio founded by alfred spellman and billy corben in 2000 . the word rakontur comes from french , which means a person who is skilled in relating stories .
loesche is an owner-managed engineering company founded in berlin in 1906 and currently based in dsseldorf , germany that designs , manufactures and services vertical roller mills for grinding of coal , cement raw materials , granulated slag , industrial minerals and ores . at present , more than 400 people are working for loesche in germany and around 850 are employed worldwide .
tokio marine holdings , inc. , is a multinational insurance holding company headquartered in tokyo , japan . it is the largest property/casualty insurance group in japan in terms of revenue and is the parent company for the tokio marine group which employs 36,000 people in 38 countries worldwide . tokio marine is part of mitsubishi , one of the few japanese giant conglomerates .
the hanjin group is a south korean conglomerate , or chaebol . the group is a holding company that includes a shipping company , hanjin shipping , and korean air , which was acquired in 1969 .
cactus is the name of a luxembourg supermarket business . it is one of luxembourgs leading family-run businesses , known for food and general quality of life stores of several sizes using the brands cactus , supercactus , cactus march and cactusshoppi . the group also operates speciality shops selling items such as flowers or cds . as of july 2017 , cactus is luxembourgs fourth largest employer .
real goods solar inc. nasdaq : rgse is a publicly traded residential solar power integrator doing business as rgs energy . the company established its roots as a provider of sustainable lifestyle products through its retail division , dating back to 1978 , when it sold some of the first retail solar panels in the united states . the company now has customers in all 50 american states and all 10 canadian provinces .
rock river arms , incorporated is a manufacturing company in colona , illinois that manufacturers parts and accessories for ar-15 / m16 type rifles , as well as other firearms .
hachette , french pronunciation : -LSB- a.t -RSB- , is a french publisher .
compellent technologies , inc , founded in 2002 , was a provider of enterprise computer data storage systems that automate data movement at the block level . the company was headquartered in eden prairie , minnesota , usa . compellents chief product , storage center , is a storage area network system that combines a standards-based hardware platform and a suite of virtualized storage management applications , including automated tiered storage , thin provisioning and replication .
cat-head comics was a small alternative/underground comics publisher that operated from 19801998 . founded by cartoonist steve lafler as a vehicle for his own work , cat-head was later joined by writer/poet/editor stephen beaupre . cat-heads longest-running title was the anthology buzzard , which lasted 20 issues . in addition to lafler and beaupre , creators published by cat-head included r. l. crabb , lloyd dangle , krystine kryttre , and j. r. williams .
tren patagnico is a state-owned company of ro negro province in argentina which operates an 821-km length 826-kilometre long 5 ft 6 in broad gauge railway line between viedma and san carlos de bariloche . the train also runs a shorter distance service from ing . jacobacci to bariloche .
merchant international group was a privately owned british strategic research and corporate intelligence company with offices in london , hong kong and vienna .
haverty furniture companies , inc. is a retail furniture company founded in 1885 . beginning with a single store in downtown atlanta , havertys has grown to become one of the top furniture retailers in the south and central united states .
meisei electric co. is a japanese limited company which manufactures electronics and communications equipment . founded as a radio and electrical firm in 1938 , it now specialises in geological and meteorological sensors , though it has also been involved in developing avionics and spaceflight technology . it is headquartered in the city of isesaki in gunma prefecture , and operates a maintenance and personnel management subsidiary in the same area .
symbol technologies is an american manufacturer and worldwide supplier of mobile data capture and delivery equipment . the company specializes in barcode scanners , mobile computers , rfid systems and wireless lan infrastructure . symbol technologies is a wholly owned subsidiary of zebra technologies , and is headquartered in holtsville , new york , on long island .
ulma handling systems is a material handling and logistics automation company , supplier of automated storage and retrieval systems , based in oati , spain . the company engineers design , produce , and install material handling systems in installations , from small warehouses to complex systems .
bryan health is a not-for-profit healthcare organization located in lincoln , nebraska , united states . the system operates an acute-care hospital , several outpatient clinics and a college of health sciences , as well as a physician network and a heart institute .
ever glory publishing is a taiwanese publisher of manga . it was founded in june 1991 . in october 1992 , the company obtained the chinese license for akita shotens weekly shnen champion . however , the magazine stopped publication in 1998 .
24 hour service station is an american independent record label founded by marshall dickson in tampa , florida , in 1993 . among its releases are ceremony - a new order tribute , a charity album , and albums from artists such as freebass , peter hook and the light , the beauvilles , singer-songwriter john ralston , and punk rock band pink lincolns .
hua ho department store is a retail department store chain in brunei . it was founded by lau gim kok in 1947 since then , the business has expanded rapidly in the country , followed by few agricultural farms to supply produce and poultry to the supermarket branches countrywide .
altron is a japanese video game developer and publisher located in shinagawa , tokyo , japan operating since 1983 . it has developed or published games for the nintendo 64 , playstation , sega saturn , super nes , genesis , nintendo entertainment system , nintendo ds , game boy , game boy color , and nintendo 3ds video game systems .
wabash national is an american diversified industrial manufacturing company and north americas largest producer of semi trailers and liquid transportation systems . the company specializes in the design and production of dry freight vans , refrigerated vans , platform trailers , liquid tank trailers , intermodal equipment , engineered products and composite products .
hot mobile , is a wireless telecommunications company based in israel and a subsidiary of hot telecommunication systems ltd. . hot mobile provides nationwide wireless service using umts in the 2100mhz band , with supplemented coverage through a domestic roaming agreement with partner .
dentsu inc. is a japanese international advertising , public relations , stockholding company hq in tokyo . dentsu is currently the 5th largest advertising agency network in the world in terms of worldwide revenues . dentsu bought aegis in 2012 and formed dentsu aegis network which is headquartered in london and operates in 145 countries worldwide with around 45,000 employees .
the jla group is a provider of the distribution , rental and servicing of commercial laundry equipment , commercial dishwashers and regulatory compliance tools . the company is the market-leading distributor of commercial laundry and catering equipment in the uk , having recorded circa 30 per cent market share in 2011 . founded in 1973 , jla is based in ripponden , west yorkshire , uk .
sothebys international realty is a luxury real estate brand founded in 1976 by the sothebys auction house . sothebys international realty operates as a franchise focusing on brokering and marketing of residential luxury real estate .
sansum clinic , founded in 1921 , is one of the oldest non-profit outpatient clinics in california . located in santa barbara , it is also one of the largest healthcare providers on the south and central coast of california . the sansum clinic was established by dr. william sansum , the first physician to develop and administer insulin in the u.s. to successfully treat a diabetic patient . the clinic expanded to treat other patients who did not require hospitalization .
pt bumi resources tbk or bumi resources is one of the largest mining companies in indonesia structured as a holding company . it is reputedly the biggest thermal coal producer in indonesia and is majority owned by the bakrie group .
dzka kolej aglomeracyjna is a commuter rail service operating between the polish city of d and surrounding towns in the d voivodeship . the company was founded in 2010 . it is fully owned by the d voivodeship government .
martha stewart living omnimedia inc. is a diversified media and merchandising company founded by martha stewart owned by sequential brands group since december 4 , 2015 . it is organized into four business segments : publishing , internet , broadcasting media platforms , and merchandising product lines . mslos business holdings include a variety of print publications , television and radio programming , and e-commerce websites .
kidde -LRB- -RRB- is a brand and division of united technologies corporation . it is a group of businesses that manufactures and distributes fire detection and suppression equipment , as well as smoke and co alarm units . kidde is one of americas largest manufacturer of smoke alarms and fire safety products . kidde fire safety north america is headquartered in mebane , nc .
704games is an american video game developer and publisher based in charlotte , north carolina . the company acquired the license to be the exclusive developer of nascar video games in january 2015 , and has since released three console games and a mobile game .
parsijoo is an independent knowledge-base internet company , operating as a search engine for the persian language . as of 2016 , parsijoo had 600,000 hits and 120,000 searches per day . parsijoo is irans second most visited search engine after google .
hanna andersson is an american , portland , oregon-based corporation that specializes in childrens apparel . the company operates mail-order , online , and retail stores in the united states .
mvv energie is a publicly listed company based in mannheim and one of germanys leading energy suppliers , operating in both germany and europe . the value chain of mvv energie ag covers : generation , trading , distribution via proprietary grids , energy sales and other innovative energy-related services . the group also belongs to germanys leading company in generating energy from biomass and waste .
sir-tech software , inc. was a united states-based video game developer and publisher .
small beer press is a publisher of fantasy and literary fiction , based in northampton , massachusetts . it was founded by gavin grant and kelly link in 2000 and publishes novels , collections , and anthologies . it also publishes the zine lady churchills rosebud wristlet , chapbooks , the peapod classics line of classic reprints , and limited edition printings of certain titles .
agate publishing is an independent small press book publisher based in evanston , illinois . the company , incorporated in 2002 with its first book published in 2003 , was founded by current president doug seibold . at its inception , agate was synonymous with its bolden imprint , which published exclusively african-american literature , an interest of seibolds and a product of his time working as executive editor for the defunct african-american publisher noble press .
tanners wines ltd is a family-owned independent wine merchants company based in shrewsbury , shropshire , england . in recent years tanners has won many important national awards and accolades , acknowledging the firm as one of the most highly regarded wine merchants in the uk .
riyan was a make of french automobile produced by the grillet company between 1920 and 1926 . the factory was established in what was then a small town , a short distance to the west of paris , called chatou . in 1925 production was relocated to nanterre in the west of the country .
cube is a german bicycle manufacturer that produces many types of bike , but is best known for its mountain bikes .
kidinakorner is an american record company founded in 2011 by british music producer and songwriter alexander alex da kid grant . the company houses a record label , music publishing , commercial production and a marketing agency . the company is home to several prominent acts in the music industry , including imagine dragons and x ambassadors .
fishers big wheel was a discount department store chain based in the pittsburgh suburb of new castle , pennsylvania , united states . the company operated stores under the fishers big wheel and buy smart names . at its peak , the chain comprised more than 100 stores in the northeastern and midwestern united states . the chain declared bankruptcy in 1993 , selling some stores to pamida and closing others . the chain closed in 1994 .
boxfresh is a british fashion label founded in 1989 by roger wade . the name originates from early hip hop slang for a pair of trainers being fresh out of the box .
lasmo plc was a leading british oil and gas exploration and production business . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
attachmate corporation is a software company which focuses on secure terminal emulation , legacy integration , and managed file transfer software . it is a subsidiary of the british software company micro focus international .
the new standard aircraft company was an airplane manufacturing company based in the united states . it operated from 1927 until 1931 .
banca popolare di novara was an italian cooperative bank based in novara , pidemont . the bank was absorbed into parent company banco popolare in 2011 . however , the former company still operates as a division and a brand of the group .
manifesteange metamorphose temps de fille is the name of a japanese clothing boutique chain created in 1993 by the current president of metamorphose and its designer , kuniko kato . metamorphose specializes in the lolita fashion and like baby , the stars shine bright , their main focus is the subcategory sweet lolita .
sony pictures worldwide acquisitions is a specialty film division of sony pictures . the company specializes in acquiring and producing films for a wide variety of distribution platforms .
hyundai hysco , or hysco is a steel company of hyundai motor group , established in 1975 , and headquartered in ulsan , south korea . they are a manufacturer of automotive steel sheet products and various steel pipes . its corporate office is located in seoul , and it also operates in ulsan in south korea with global operations worldwide . currently , hyundai hysco operates a steel pipe facility in korea , eleven overseas processing centers , and three overseas offices internationally .
cecil purnell is a swiss luxury watch company based in geneva , switzerland that specialises in the production of high-end tourbillon watches .
proxicom , inc. was an interactive agency that developed custom-tailored interactive and web-enabled solutions for global 1000 organizations . founded in 1991 by american entrepreneur and philanthropist raul fernandez , proxicom was one of the original interactive professional services organizations from the dot com era .
lionsgate home entertainment is the home video distribution arm of lionsgate .
centavia was a short-lived serbian low cost airline . its hub airport was belgrade nikola tesla airport in serbia while its technical base was in cologne bonn airport in germany . the airline declared bankruptcy on november 8 , 2006 .
credant technologies is a company located in addison , texas offering products and services for data security . the company was founded in 2001 by bob heard , chris burchett and andrew kahl .
bruguera was a spanish publishing house based in barcelona , which was devoted mainly to the production of popular literature and comics .
burns is an english manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars , founded by alice louise farrell and james ormston burns in 1959 . the company was first named burns-weill , then renamed ormston burns ltd. at its peak , in the 1960s , it was the most successful guitar company in england . ormston burns ltd. was bought up by baldwin piano company in 1965 , and the company was renamed baldwin-burns .
the garden company limited is a hong kong-based bakery and confectionery manufacturer . the company was one of the first chinese owned businesses created to sell modern-style food products in the territory . they also made bread and confectionery more affordable for lower-income earners .
ebel is a swiss luxury watch company , founded in 1911 in la chaux-de-fonds , neuchtel , switzerland by eugene blum and alice levy .
the george steuart group of companies is sri lankas oldest mercantile establishment , having been established in 1835 during british occupation of ceylon . it is one of the oldest mercantile entities in the world , with a recorded history dating back to the early 19th century .
solar liberty is an american company that installs , sells and leases solar panel energy systems , known as photovoltaic systems , for homes , businesses , schools , universities , municipalities , non-profits , and other facilities and properties .
nohab was a manufacturing company based in the city of trollhttan , sweden .
mercury nz limited is a new zealand electricity generation and electricity retailing company . all of the companys electricity generation is renewable . it owns and operates nine hydroelectric generating stations on the waikato river and five geothermal plants in the taupo area . in 2015 , the company under the mighty river power brand generated 17 % of the countrys electricity . in 2017 , mercury had a 19 % share of the new zealand retail electricity market .
kixeye is an american video game company founded in july 2007 and headquartered in san francisco , california , united states . the company creates , develops and publishes massively multiplayer online real-time strategy games for pc and mobile devices . kixeye gained popularity with games working on the social networking website facebook . the company prides itself for making games for gamers by gamers .
katya katya shehurina is a fashion brand that specializes in evening gowns , wedding dresses and fashion accessories . originally based in latvia , the brand has gained recognition around the world , especially in europe . katya shehurina , the fashion designer for katya katya shehurina , uses lace elements , exclusive fabrics , floating silk , natural fur , and handmade embroidery details .
metropolitan-vickers , metrovick , or metrovicks , was a british heavy electrical engineering company of the early-to-mid 20th century formerly known as british westinghouse . highly diversified , they were particularly well known for their industrial electrical equipment such as generators , steam turbines , switchgear , transformers , electronics and railway traction equipment .
global radar is a financial software company known for its anti-money laundering software . founded in 2007 by dominic suszek , the company is based in london and miami . according to silicon review magazine , global radar has become a leading software provider in the financial services sector .
joe tea is a montclair , new jersey based producer of iced tea and chips founded in 1998 by steven prato . the tea is known for its all-natural taste and retro logo .
papa johns pizza is an american restaurant franchise company . it runs the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the united states , with headquarters in jeffersontown , kentucky , a suburb of louisville .
ast research , inc. was a personal computer manufacturer , founded in irvine , california , in 1980 by albert wong , safi qureshey and thomas yuen . in the 1980s ast designed add-on expansion cards , before shifting to a major personal computer manufacturer towards the 1990s . by the late 1990s ast was acquired by samsung , but was forced to close shortly after due to a series of losses .
the henry altemus company was a publishing company based in philadelphia , pennsylvania , for almost a century , from 1842 to 1936 .
rs components is the uk , european and asia pacific trading brand of electrocomponents plc. the company supplies electronic components , electrical , automation and control , and test and measurement equipment , and engineering tools and consumables through the internet , catalogues and at trade counters . electrocomponents is listed on the london stock exchange and in the last financial year ended 31 march 2017 had revenues of 1.51 bn .
basix is an institution concerning the promotion of livelihood established in 1996 in india . it is headquartered in hyderabad , telangana .
momentum adventure is a company that specialises in adventure holidays . it was founded by mathew robertson in 2005 .
novotel is an upscale hotel brand within the accorhotels group , typically slotting between the grand mercure and pullman brands . novotel has close to 400 hotels and resorts in 60 countries .
philips consumer lifestyle , is a division of the dutch multinational electronics company philips which produces consumer electronics and small appliances . it is the only philips division headquartered in amsterdam , the netherlands . philips consumer lifestyle was formed in 2008 from the merger of philips consumer electronics and philips domestic appliances and personal care . philips receives royalties from the sale of every dvd and blu-ray . -LSB- 1 -RSB- .
rover.com is an american company which operates an online marketplace for people to buy and sell pet care services including pet sitting , dog boarding , and dog walking . rover.com was founded in 2011 in seattle , washington and is formally incorporated under the name a place for rover , inc. the company serves as a broker and takes roughly 22 % of each transaction booked through its site . as of september 2016 rover.com was valued at $ 300 million .
j.co donuts & coffee is a cafe restaurant chain originating from indonesia that specializes in donuts , coffee and frozen yogurt . the company is owned and managed by johnny andrean group .
omniplex cinemas is a cinema chain in ireland set up in 1991 and operated by paul anderson . it operates cinemas throughout ireland and northern ireland . omniplex has started a 14.5 m investment and renovation in a number of its cinemas including the rolling out across ireland of its large screen format omniplexmaxx.omniplex owns 222 screens and 28 cinemas , with 13 in the republic of ireland and 15 cinemas in northern ireland .
de koningshoeven brewery is a dutch trappist brewery founded in 1884 within the walls of koningshoeven abbey in berkel-enschot .
the cmv group is an australian company which operates automotive dealerships and horticulture in south australia and victoria , employs more than 1,200 staff with an annual turnover in excess of $ 1b .
sonor is a german drum kit and percussion manufacturer .
grange cooperative supply association is an agricultural supply cooperative based in oregons rogue valley . the cooperative was started in 1934 with a group of 99 farmers from the rogue valley who invested $ 10 each to form a fuel-delivering cooperative in central point , oregon . grange co-op was limited to petroleum supplies at first .
hellas online is one of the leading greek fixed-line telephony services providers based in athens . hellas online is member of the intracom holdings group since 2006 , is one of the first internet providers in greece to offer public dial-up internet services , and has since evolved from an isp , offering primarily internet access services , to a fixed-line telecommunications services provider offering a broad range of retail , business and wholesale services .
pocock racing shells is a seattle , washington-based racing shells manufacturer , founded in 1911 . pocock racing shells is the oldest rowing shell manufacturer in the world .
rationalplan is a project management software suite for planning , managing , and tracking projects . the suite is developed by stand by soft , a romanian developer that specializes in desktop applications , developed the software . rationalplan runs on multiple platforms including mac os x , windows , and linux .
the toyohashi railroad is a private railroad company in japan , and a subsidiary of the meitetsu group . the company or its lines are commonly known as toyotetsu -LRB- -RRB- . the company operates the atsumi line train service on atsumi peninsula in aichi prefecture and a tram system in toyohashi city , and has subsidiary operations involved in taxi and bus services .
firehouse subs is a u.s.-based , fast casual restaurant chain founded in 1994 in jacksonville , florida by former firefighter brothers robin and chris sorensen . firehouse subs has opened over 1,105 franchise restaurants in 44 states as well as , puerto rico , canada , and mexico .
mtbc , medical transcription billing , corp. , is a publicly traded healthcare it company that provides electronic health record software and technology-based medical billing , transcription and practice management services to healthcare providers in the united states . mtbc is headquartered in somerset , nj , usa and runs an operational facility in rawalpindi , pakistan through its subsidiary , medical transcription billing company ltd.
livanova , plc is a london , england-based medical device manufacturer . the company develops devices used for cardiac surgery , neuromodulation and cardiac rhythm management . the company was formed in 2015 by a $ 2.7 b merger between houston , texas-based cyberonics , inc. and milan , italy-based sorin s.p.a. the company trades on the nasdaq stock exchange under the ticker symbol livn .
gatehouse media inc. , a holding company for new media investment group , former symbol on otc markets groups otcqb tier ghse , is one of the largest publishers of locally-based print and digital media in the united states , headquartered in the town of perinton , new york . as of september 2017 , gatehouse media publishes 130 daily newspapers , 640 community publications and over 540 local market websites in 36 states .
los angeles athletic club is a privately-owned athletic club and social club in los angeles , california , usa . established in 1880 , the club is today best known for its john r. wooden award presented to the outstanding mens and womens college basketball player of each year .
abarth & c. s.p.a. is an italian racing car and road car maker founded by italo-austrian carlo abarth in 1949 . its logo is a shield with a stylized scorpion on a yellow and red background . abarth & c. s.p.a. is a fully owned subsidiary of fca italy s.p.a. , the subsidiary of fiat chrysler automobiles controlling its european automotive production activities .
deucescracked is a poker instruction website business and an internet forum for the discussion of poker strategy . deucescracked offers a fee-based service that provides access to their catalogue of poker instructional videos .
fullers group limited is a ferry and tourism company in auckland , new zealand . it operates in the hauraki gulf and waitemat harbour . fullers group is the latest in a long line of almost continuous harbour and gulf ferry operations based in auckland since the 1870s .
orlebar brown is a british clothing brand specialising in tailored mens swim shorts . the company was founded by photographer adam brown after he identified a gap in the market for smart mens swimwear , and was launched in march 2007 . today , the company is still directed by adam brown , as well as ceo paul donoghue . they are based in west london and employ over 50 people .
the star entertainment group limited is one of australias largest gaming and entertainment groups . in june 2011 tabcorp holdings demerged its casinos operations which resulted in tabcorps casinos business being separately listed as echo entertainment group limited . the existing wagering , media , gaming , and keno businesses were retained by tabcorp .
horseshoe gaming holding corporation was established in 1993 with its only asset being the rights to use the horseshoe name on casinos . the corporation was a private holding company mostly owned by jack binion .
dotbooks is a 2012 established german publisher of e-books , based in munich , which publishes popular literature of all genres .
funding societies is a south-east-asia based peer-to-peer lending company , headquartered in singapore . it was the first peer-to-peer lender in singapore to engage an escrow agency to independently and safely manage investors funds .
mips technologies , inc. , formerly mips computer systems , inc. , is an american fabless semiconductor design company that is most widely known for developing the mips architecture and a series of risc cpu chips based on it . mips provides processor architectures and cores for digital home , networking , embedded , internet of things and mobile applications .
the shipping corporation of new zealand was a new zealand shipping company created by the third labour government led by norman kirk in 1973 .
adarna house , inc. is a philippine company engaged in the publication of local literature for children of all ages . the company is headquartered in quezon city in metropolitan manila .
touax is a french operational leasing company . its four businesses are river barges , modular buildings , freight railcars , and shipping containers .
mulakuppadam films is an indian film production and distribution company founded by businessman tomichan mulakuppadam . formed in 2007 , head office of mulakuppadam films is situated in kochi , kerala .
mwh global inc. was a global water and natural resources firm , providing technical engineering , construction services and consulting services . in 2016 , mwh was acquired by stantec consulting inc. the firm provided planning , design and construction management services for a wide range of water and natural resources projects around the world .
skechers usa inc. is an american lifestyle and performance footwear company for men , women and children . headquartered in manhattan beach , california , the brand was founded in 1992 . now the third largest athletic footwear brand in the united states , skechers earned more than $ 3.56 billion in revenues during the 2016 fiscal year . as of january 2017 , the company employed more than 9,800 people worldwide .
bilfinger deutsche babcock middle east is an internationally active construction and engineering services company located in the united arab emirates it is part of division piping systems and part of the framework bilfinger se .
into university partnerships is a british limited-liability partnership that specializes in setting up joint ventures with universities . it focuses on the provision of foundation courses for international students , including english language , especially english for academic purposes . so far , into operates 22 international study centres within leading university partners in the united kingdom , north america and china .
skandinaviska enskilda banken ab , abbreviated seb , is a swedish financial group for corporate customers , institutions and private individuals with headquarters in stockholm . its activities comprise mainly banking services , but seb also carries out significant life insurance operations and also owns eurocard .
providian financial corporation was one of the leading credit card issuers in the united states when it was sold to washington mutual for approximately us $ 6.5 billion in october 2005 . providian was headquartered in san francisco , california , and had more than 10 million card holders at the time of its sale . washington mutual , inc. , continued to run the company as a wholly owned subsidiary , out of its san francisco headquarters .
hart ski corporation is a united states based manufacturer of downhill skis , originally of st. paul , minnesota and currently headquartered in ogden , utah .
ge transportation , formerly known as ge rail , is a division of general electric . the organization manufactures equipment for the railroad , marine , mining , drilling and energy generation industries . it is headquartered in chicago , illinois while their main manufacturing facility is located in erie , pennsylvania . locomotives are assembled at the erie plant , while engine manufacturing takes place in grove city , pennsylvania .
viasat inc. is a communications company based in carlsbad , california , with additional operations across the united states and worldwide . viasat is a provider of high-speed satellite broadband services and secure networking systems covering military and commercial markets . over the past 30 years , viasat has grown from a company of 3 to more than 4,500 employees across 10 countries and 26 office locations .
intalink is the organisation responsible for organising the management of public transport services , such as buses and trains , in hertfordshire on behalf of hertfordshire county council . they design , create and promote cross-operator multi-journey tickets and occasionally run competitions . they manage quality bus partnerships maintaining good standards along routes that need it . along with this , they provide printed timetables , maps and leaflets promoting the above services .
rohm and haas company is a manufacturer of speciality chemicals for end use markets such as building and construction , electronic devices , packaging , household and personal care products . headquartered in philadelphia , the company is organised into three business groups of specialty materials , performance materials and electronic materials , and also has two stand-alone businesses of powder coatings and salt .
rio tinto coal australia is an australian coal mining organisation , and is part of the worldwide rio tinto group . in queensland , rtca operates the blair athol , hail creek , kestrel and clermont mines . in new south wales , rtca manages coal & allieds operations at mount thorley warkworth , hunter valley operations and bengalla .
royalties is a brand management agency based in paris . the agency was originally created in 2008 as publicis royalties by publicis worldwide and eurogroup consulting and is now independently owned by the three founding partners : david jobin , olivier bontemps and alexandre de coupigny . royalties has expanded from the financial assessment of brands to the creation and management of brands , and their visual and verbal identities .
pick everard is a multi-disciplined construction consultancy company founded in 1866 , headquartered in leicester , united kingdom .
hollinger inc. was a canadian media company based in toronto started by conrad black . at one time , the company was the third largest media empire in the world . the company went bankrupt in 2007 .
saga petroleum asa was a norwegian upstream petroleum company established in 1972 that was acquired by norsk hydro in 1999 . in october 2007 it was made part of statoil . the company was the only fully private oil company in norway . it had partial ownership of 60 oil field licenses and was operator of 18 . saga had an international profile , including major operations on the british continental shelf as well as minor operations in angola , indonesia , libya and namibia .
cotai water jet is a company that operates high-speed ferry services between the special administrative regions of macau and hong kong .
efilecabinet is a company headquartered in lehi , utah , selling proprietary software to manage and store documents , content , and records , either on-site or in the cloud . it was founded in 2001 by james blaylock to serve clients in the accounting industry where blaylock worked before founding the company . it has since expanded to service many other industries , including construction , banking , healthcare , insurance , law , manufacturing , retail , oil & gas , transportation , and education .
pooles of wigan ltd is a manufacturer of pies and puddings based in wigan , greater manchester , england . distributed in northwest england , its 300,000 square feet plant that can make up to 100,000 pies and pastries an hour .
the mel bernie company , trading as 1928 jewelry company is a manufacturer and wholesaler of costume jewelry and novelties . they also distribute their products directly to consumers through their website .
ellie mae , inc. is a software company that processes almost a quarter of u.s. mortgage applications . the services are based on a software as a service model that streamlines and automates the process of originating and funding new mortgage loans and facilitating regulatory compliance . the company was founded in 1997 by limin hu and sigmund anderman and is headquartered in pleasanton , california .
interhome ag is a pan-european company headquartered in glattbrugg near zurich , specialising in the rental of holiday homes und holiday apartments . it is a wholly owned subsidiary of the hotelplan group , which is part of the migros corporation . the company is one of the biggest holiday property providers in europe with around 33,000 properties in 31 countries . accommodation is supplied to over 553,000 guests per year .
west end games was a company that made board , role-playing , and war games . it was founded by daniel scott palter in 1974 in new york city , but later moved to honesdale , pennsylvania . its current and past product lines include star wars , paranoia , torg , dc universe , and junta .
polypipe is a manufacturer of plastic piping systems , for use in the residential , commercial , civils and infrastructure sectors . the piping systems are used for a variety of applications including drainage , plumbing , water supply , water management , cable management , heating and ventilation . the company is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
visayan electric company , inc. , also known as veco , is the second largest electric utility in the philippines and serves the cities of cebu , mandaue , talisay and naga and four municipalities of the greater part of metro cebu - liloan , consolacion , minglanillla and san fernando . its franchise service covers an area of about 672 square kilometers with an estimated population of 1.73 million .
icad inc. , headquartered in nashua , new hampshire , is a medical-device manufacturer . icad makes cancer detection and radiation therapy devices . icad offers computer aided detection and workflow solutions to support detection of breast , prostate and colorectal cancers . the icad technology platforms include hardware and software as well as management services to support cancer detection and radiation therapy treatment .
iqair is a swiss-based company that specializes in technology solutions that help protect people from airborne pollutants . iqair implements this technology in residential , commercial and public buildings . iqair has received numerous awards and recognitions for its room air purifiers and air filters . iqair also engages in international projects that create ultra-clean living and working environments .
brookdale senior living is the largest owner and operator of senior living communities throughout the united states , operating over 1,000 senior living communities and retirement communities in the us.brookdale was established in 1978 and is based in brentwood , tennessee . in the late 1990s and early 2000s , fortress investments became the majority owner of brookdale , holding approximately 51 % of its share . currently , glenview capital management holds the largest number of shares .
wish farms is a produce shipping and growing company based in plant city , florida . the company is the largest producer and shipper of strawberries in florida .
ah-software is the software brand of ahs co. , ltd. , an importer of digital audio workstations and encoders in tokyo , japan . it is also known as the developer of voiceroid and a number of vocaloid voicebanks .
ryder system , inc. , or ryder , is an american provider of transportation and supply chain management products , and is especially known for its fleet of rental trucks . ryder specializes in fleet management , supply chain management , and dedicated contracted carriage . ryder operates in north america , the united kingdom and asia . it has its headquarters in suburban miami , florida within miami-dade county .
mettler toledo is a multinational manufacturer of scales and analytical instruments . it is the largest provider of weighing instruments for use in laboratory , industrial , and food retailing applications . the company also provides various analytical instruments , process analytics instruments , and end-of-line inspection systems . the company operates worldwide 70 % of net sales are derived in equal part from europe and from the americas asian business is included in the remaining 30 % .
globallogic is a digital product engineering services company that was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in san jose , california . it is a privately held company funded by apax partners and canadian pension plan investment board . globallogic provides full-lifecycle software product development services , including experience design , complex systems engineering , content engineering , and self-contained engineering labs .
launchworks , formerly xbox live productions , is an american video game developer based in redmond , washington created internally by microsoft studios in 2008 , in order to create high quality digital content for xbox live .
st arnou is one of the first australian craft beer companies established in 2001 , located in sydney , new south wales , australia , and privately owned . in 2002 the company opened its first brewpub at the regatta hotel in brisbane .
timbercorp , a now-defunct managed investment scheme within australia from 1999 to 2008 , was established to manage superannuation and investments in agriculture . the consortium of companies were placed into public administration on 23 april 2009 and is currently being wound up by administrators . over 40 businesses were operated by timbercorp , including silviculture , pulpwood timber , avocados , olives , almonds and other agribusiness schemes .
telegames , inc. is an american video game company based in gun barrel city , texas , with a sister operation based in england . telegames was well known for supporting not just modern game systems but also classic game systems , after theyve been abandoned by its manufacturer . effective september 2004 though , telegames , inc. ceased support for all classic and orphaned video game systems and software in order to support only modern consoles .
banco dipolog , inc. , is the 54th rural bank opened in the philippines after the enactment of the rural banking act of 1952 . the late justice florentino saguin , with the strong support of his son , atty. augusto tuting saguin , originally established it as the rural bank of dipolog , inc. on october 17 , 1957 , and opened its welcoming doors to the banking public on november 2 , 1957 .
optech incorporated is a canadian-owned for-profit company operating since 1974 and focusing on laser-based survey systems . optech inc is known for its association with phoenix , a spacecraft launched for mars in 2007 .
zaatar w zeit , a commercial brand of the lebanese company breakfast & co. s.a.l. , is an urban eatery franchise founded in lebanon in 1999 and operating with 20 outlets in lebanon and more than 35 outlets throughout the middle east , including 16 in the united arab emirates . the company also has outlets in jordan , kuwait , qatar and saudi arabia .
itv digital channels limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of british television broadcaster itv plc. itv digital channels ltd now solely under control of itv plc is today a profitable business which runs all itv plcs television channels with the exception of itv , which is part of the itv network .
alyemda , internationally known as democratic yemen airlines or just yemen airlines , was the flag carrier airline of south yemen . it was established at aden on 11 march 1971 after nationalizing brothers air services which was a private company owned by the ba haroon brothers . its head office was in the alyemda building in khormaksar , aden .
sugarinstant is an online adult movie streaming service . at one time , it was the largest renter of adult dvds online . initially , sugarinstants services were limited to flat-rate membership-based dvd-by-mail , but since its creation in 2002 , the company has developed websites in several different areas of the adult industry . the company is based in santa ana , ca with multiple shipping centers across the united states .
dishman is a multinational company specialized in the manufacture of active ingredients for the pharmaceutical industry . dishman employs over 1,000 people worldwide and delivered annual net sales of around us $ 200m 2011 . dishman is headquartered in ahmedabad , india and is listed on the bombay stock exchange .
sloan valve company is a privately owned american company specializing in plumbing valves and fixtures .
mori trust co. , ltd. is a japanese real estate developer .
xlab d.o.o. is a software development company , founded in 2001 and based in slovenia . xlab focuses on cloud computing technologies , hpc , data analytics , iot and cyber security . its research department has participated in several european ict research projects , most notably in xtreemos , sla@soi and contrail .
cullen wines is an australian winery based in wilyabrup , within the margaret river wine region of western australia .
hornes was a southern-style restaurant chain located primarily in the southeast and southern united states along major highways . it was headquartered in bayard , florida . at the chains peak there were over 60 hornes locations , but today only one original restaurant remains . many restaurant locations featured diner-style sit-down service as well as lodging , texaco gas stations , gift shops , and an ice cream bar , creating a one-stop shop atmosphere .
the galp group is a portuguese corporation which consists of more than 100 companies engaged in activities such as natural gas supply , regasification , transport , storage , and distribution petroleum products exploration , production , refining , trading , logistics and retailing co-generation and renewable energy . its stock was partially listed on the euronext lisbon stock exchange in the second half of 2006 .
oxford bus company is the trading name of the city of oxford motor services ltd. it is a bus operator serving the city and surrounding area of oxford , england . it is a subsidiary of the go-ahead group .
simulations publications , inc. was an american publisher of board wargames and related magazines , particularly its flagship strategy & tactics , in the 1970s and early 1980s . it produced an enormous number of games and introduced innovative practices , changing the course of the wargaming hobby in its bid to take control of the hobby away from then-dominant avalon hill . spi ran out of cash in early 1982 when tsr called in a loan secured by spis assets .
cost plus world market is a chain of specialty/import retail stores , selling home furniture , decor , curtains , rugs , gifts , apparel , coffee , wine , craft beer , as well as several international food products . the brands name originated from the initial concept , since abandoned , of selling items for cost plus 10 % . its current headquarters are located in alameda , california . the company has been a subsidiary of bed bath & beyond since being acquired in 2012 .
the star watch case company was a company in ludington , michigan , that operated from approximately 1905 to 1982 . it designed and manufactured watch cases .
tyrolit develops , manufactures and markets abrasive products as well as concrete sawing and drilling equipment . with 26 production locations on 5 continents , the tyrolit group belongs to the worlds largest producers of bonded abrasives . the company is based in schwaz , tyrol , austria . tyrolit , a registered trademark , was named after the mineral tyrolite , first described in 1845 in tyrol .
spectronic is a research and development company in helsingborg , sweden . through its subsidiary , spectronic medical , the company is engaged in development of automated image analysis solutions for healthcare and medical industry . a flagship product is the technology for enabling fully mri-based radiation treatment planning for tumor therapy .
digventures is a social enterprise organising crowdfunded archaeological excavation experiences . it is registered with the chartered institute for archaeologists , and is a cifa accredited field school .
empresa de telecomunicaciones de cuba s.a. is the monopoly full telecommunications service provider for cuba . it is owned by the cuban government .
the grasshopper company is headquartered in moundridge , kansas , united states . the company manufactures zero-turn mowers and lawn mower implements .
wincrest homes was established in 1986 in parramatta , new south wales , to build residential homes .
nova chemicals corporation is a plastics and chemical company headquartered in calgary , alberta , with executive offices in the pittsburgh suburb of moon township , pennsylvania and lambton county , ontario . nova chemicals products are used in a wide variety of applications , including food and electronics packaging , industrial materials , appliances and a variety of consumer goods .
astonfield renewables resources is a renewable energy company that builds , owns , and operates utility-scale solar power plants in emerging markets . headquartered in mumbai , its operational focus on india is supported by additional offices in new delhi and kolkata .
ntl communications limited was a cable television and multichannel multipoint distribution service company in ireland . as of 2005 it was owned by liberty global europe , having been divested by ntl . it was rebranded as upc ireland .
dosti realty is a mumbai-based real estate developer and is part of the dosti group . dosti realty is involved in development of real estate space in mumbai and thane for nearly 4 decades . the company is promoted by kishan goradia and deepak goradia . dosti realty is now expanding to other cities like ahmedabad , gujarat and pune , maharashtra .
petrosa is the national oil company of south africa . its main activities are the extraction of natural gas from offshore fields about 89 km from mossel bay , the production of synthetic fuels from this gas through a gas to liquids process , and the extraction of crude oil from oil fields off the south coast of south africa . the gtl refinery is located in mossel bay .
mr. california is an american mens leisurewear clothing line based in santa cruz , california . founded in 1962 , the brand today specializes in a modern take on the classic styles that mr. california first created back in the 1960s .
zetes industries s.a. / n.v. is a pan-european technology company in the industry for automatic identification of both goods and people . zetes is headquartered in brussels with operations in europe , africa and israel .
severn house publishers is an independent publisher of fiction in hardcover and ebooks . severn house specialises in publishing mid-list authors in both the uk and the usa . established in 1974 , severn house began republishing out-of-print titles by popular library authors . the publishing house now specialises in providing libraries and the public worldwide with reinforced editions of brand new contemporary fiction , as well as rare or previously unpublished works .
odells is a supplier of popcorn topping and popping products to the concession industry in the americas . the companys concession product line includes a real butter topping , a margarine topping and a variety of popping oils . the companys non-concession product line includes a variety of butters that extends beyond concession products to include a product line called chefs butter sold to restaurants and retailers .
the defense industries organization is a conglomerate of companies run by the islamic republic of iran whose function is to provide the military of iran with the necessary manufacturing capacity and technical abilities . in recent years , the dio has attempted to become export-oriented , allowing iran to become an exporter of weapons . according to iranian officials , the country sold $ 100 million worth of military equipment in 2003 and as of 2006 had exported weapons to 57 countries .
donald m. grant , publisher , inc. is a fantasy and science fiction small press publisher in new hampshire that was founded in 1964 . it is notable for publishing fantasy and horror novels with lavish illustrations , most notably stephen kings the dark tower series and the king/peter straub novel the talisman .
future comics is a semi-active comic book publishing company founded by industry all-rounder bob layton , and his creative partners laytons mentor , artist/editor dick giordano and his frequent writing-partner david michelinie , cfo allen berrebbi and publisher skip farrell .
first potomac realty trust was a real estate investment trust that invested in industrial properties and business parks in the suburbs of the washington metropolitan area . in 2017 , it was acquired by government properties income trust . as of december 31 , 2016 , the company wholly owned properties totaling 6.7 million square feet and owned an additional 0.9 million square feet via joint ventures .
the cleveland motor car company of cleveland , ohio , was manufacturer of one of several cleveland automobiles . the company was founded in 1904 by e. j. pennington .
emptoris is a brand within ibms commerce portfolio .
j. w. pepper might refer to : j.w. pepper & son , inc. , american companysheriff j.w. pepper , fictional character in two james bond films .
san leon energy plc is an independent oil and gas exploration company and is europes leading shale gas company by acreage . san leon has built up a portfolio of assets located in poland , morocco , western sahara , albania , ireland , spain and italy . the companys portfolio across these geographies is made up of both conventional exploration and shale assets .
nanosurf ag , headquartered in liestal , switzerland , is a manufacturer and supplier of nano-microscopes for industrial and academic research , as well as for educational purposes . nanosurfs atomic force microscopes and scanning tunneling microscopes are used for metrological surface inspections and for the visualization of structures on the nanometer scale . nanosurf worked with nasas phoenix mars mission to provide the atomic force microscopy module for the mars probe .
prateek apparels is a clothing manufacturing and retail company based in bengaluru , india , with more than 100 retail outlets across karnataka . it was founded in 1995 by the phulchand group of companies . prateek apparels has six manufacturing units in bengaluru and hubli which manufacture several global brands , in addition to their own . munch design workshop , launched in june 2004 , serves as their fashion and lifestyle design subsidiary .
antibe therapeutics is a toronto-based pharmaceutical company that develops inflammation-reducing drugs based on gaseous mediator technology . antibe was founded by john l. wallace , also a co-founder of nicox , the first company to develop drugs utilizing gaseous mediators . in 2015 , antibe acquired citagenix , a developer and distributor involved in regenerative medicine .
pjsc kazanorgsintez is one of russias largest chemical companies and the countrys largest polyethylene producer . it is based in kazan in the republic of tatarstan .
airwave solutions ltd. is a british mobile communication company that operates the airwave network , a mobile communications network used by great britains emergency services . the airwave network is based on the specialist terrestrial trunked radio specification . airwave was acquired by motorola solutions in february 2016 and now operates as a wholly owned subsidiary .
vojvoanska banka a.d. novi sad , commonly just vojvoanska banka is a bank based in novi sad , serbia . it is a universal bank , with functions of commercial and investment banking . since december 2017 , it is a member of otp bank group , based in hungary .
fairmont hotels & resorts is a chain of luxury hotels owned by accorhotels since 2016 . fairmont hotels & resorts was created in 2001 following the merger of canadian pacific hotels and fairmont hotels . fairmont operates 75 properties in 24 countries , with a strong presence in united states .
the moore automobile company of new york city , was manufacturer of the moore automobile , known as the ball bearing car . the company was founded in 1906 and ended production in 1909 .
silvercup studios is the largest film and television production facility in new york city . located in the neighborhood of long island city in the borough of queens , and the port morris neighborhood of the bronx . the studio complex has been operating since 1983 in the former silvercup bakery building . it is owned and operated by brothers alan and stuart suna .
ateliers dautomobiles et daviation was a paris based automobile and commercial vehicle manufacturer between 1919 and 1920 . the french manufacturer was noted for electric cars .
the tv5 media center , also known as launchpad center , is a corporate and broadcast complex in mandaluyong city , philippines opened in 2013 . it serves as the headquarters of the 5 network and affiliate companies cignal , philex mining corporation and voyager innovations , inc.
cavmont bank limited is a commercial bank in zambia . it is licensed by the bank of zambia , the central bank and national banking regulator .
for the film , see lotto land . lottoland limited is a company based in gibraltar . one of its main areas of business is offering online bets on the results of more than 30 different lottery draws .
the silk road fund is a state owned investment fund of the chinese government to foster increased investment in countries along the one belt , one road , an economic development initiative primarily covering eurasia . the chinese government pledged us $ 40 billion for the creation of the investment fund established on 29 december 2014 .
changelly is a cryptocurrency exchange service between digital currencies . the service acts as a mediator between trading cryptocurrency platform and users providing a wide range of digital assets for a seamless exchange . the primary focus of changelly is to make the exchange process transparent and easy for everyone who wants to invest in cryptocurrency .
przewozy regionalne , trading as polregio , formerly pkp przewozy regionalne , is a train operator in poland , responsible for local and interregional passenger transportation . each day it runs approximately 3,000 regional trains . during 2002 it carried 215 million passengers . the company was founded after dividing the polskie koleje pastwowe national rail operator into several companies to meet european union requirements .
rsi corporation is a safety compliance consulting firm specializing in the telecommunications industry , located in kiowa , kansas , united states . the companys focus is radio frequency compliance and training .
datavail is a remote database administration provider based in broomfield , colorado . the company provides services for oracle , sql , and mysql databases . according to inc. , the company is the largest provider of remote database administration services in north america . mark perlstein serves as the companys president and ceo .
choice provisions inc. , formerly known as gaijin games inc. prior to june 2014 , is an independent video game development studio , best known for their bit . trip series of video games . the studio was founded in 2007 by alex neuse , mike roush , and chris osborn and is located in santa cruz , california .
dexter industries is a company that designs robots for education , researchers , and hobbyists . the company makes several products that expand the lego mindstorms system , raspberry pi , and arduino prototyping system . the products range from sensors to switches and may be used for projects outside the scope of lego mindstorms .
cascade community federal credit union is a credit union in roseburg , oregon . on december 31 , 2002 the credit union was established through the merger of dougco schools federal credit union and western cascade federal credit union .
hima cement limited is a cement manufacturer in uganda . it is a subsidiary of bamburi cement limited , the construction materials manufacturer based in kenya , which in turn is owned by lafarge of france .
the natori company is a womens fashion designer and manufacturer based in new york city . the company sells lingerie , nightwear , loungewear , ready-to-wear , underwear and other high-end womens fashion to upscale department stores in the us , and to at least 15 countries internationally . in addition to womens clothing , the company is also in the home furnishings industry , and has signed a licensing deal to sell natori perfume . natori started a limited mens line in 2006 .
sport chalet was a sporting goods chain with 47 stores in southern & northern california , arizona , nevada , and utah . most stores were over 35,000 square feet in size , with many including dive pools and offering scuba classes . sport chalet stores usually featured large apparel and footwear departments complemented by an array of specialized departments and sections .
sunlife is a uk-based insurance business with its headquarters in bristol , united kingdom . it has been part of the phoenix group since 2016 . the business offers life insurance , funeral plans , stocks and shares isas and wills . it is a member of the association of british insurers and direct marketing association .
regal hotels international is one of the largest hotel groups in hong kong . regal hotels international holdings limited is a company incorporated in bermuda and listed on the hong kong stock exchange . the company is controlled by its chairman and managing director , mr lo yuk sui , who speaks for 52.84 % of the issued share capital as at 31 december 2005 .
moscow airways was a russian airline that was formed as a subsidiary of aeroflot to operate the airlines fleet of ilyushin il-62s .
beca group limited is an employee-owned engineering and management consultancy service company predominately within the asia-pacific region . beca groups headquarters are located in auckland , new zealand , however , beca operates from three main hubs : australia , new zealand and singapore . beca has over 3,300 employees in total , in its 20 + offices around the world . beca has alliances , joint ventures or cooperative arrangements with amec , ch2m hill and parsons brinckerhoff .
sncf logistics is the division of the sncf group responsible for freight transportation and logistics . the ceo of sncf logistics is alain picard the division includes the activities of : geodis , general land transport and logistics fret .
abeka is a publisher affiliated with pensacola christian college that produces k-12 curriculum materials that are used by christian schools and homeschooling families around the world . it is named after rebekah horton , wife of college president arlin horton . by the 1980s , abeka and bju press were the two major publishers of christian-based educational materials in america .
ecolab inc. , headquartered in st. paul , minnesota , is an american global provider of water , hygiene and energy technologies and services to the food , energy , healthcare , industrial and hospitality markets . it was founded as economics laboratory in 1923 by merritt j. osborn , and renamed ecolab in 1986 .
unitrends inc. is a us-based company specializing in backup and business continuity . the companys portfolio of virtual , physical , and cloud solutions provides adaptive protection and network-based disk-to-disk , vertically integrated backup and disaster recovery appliances for data protection and disaster recovery .
origins is a cosmetics brand from the us , founded in 1990 by leonard lauder , son of este lauder . it is one of the original brands of the este lauder companies .
superamerica is a chain of gasoline stations in the upper midwest , based in woodbury , minnesota . it is owned by western refining . the first convenience store opened in the 1960s . the company offers a rewards program for customers called my sa rewards .
alexandria real estate equities is a major united states real estate investment trust .
simcere pharmaceutical group or simcere pharmaceutical is a manufacturer and supplier of branded generic pharmaceuticals in the chinese market . its focus is to introduce generic and pharmaceutical products for the treatment of diseases with high incidence and/or mortality rate . the company has introduced a generic anti-stroke medication under the brand name , bicun , and an anti-cancer medication under the brand name , endu .
the psagot investment house is an israeli investment firm and the countrys largest pension fund manager . controlled by apax partners since 2010 , the firm manages assets and capital totalling $ 40 billion . psagot is located on ahad haam street in tel aviv , in close proximity to the tel aviv stock exchange .
nick digital is an american animation studio . the studio , which opened in 1994 , creates commercials and motion graphics , as well as cgi animation for 2d-animated shows on nickelodeon , nick jr. and nicktoons .
hi-living is a korean online auction website and shopping mall where people from all around the world buy and sell goods and services .
llaollao is a spanish frozen yogurt franchise brand founded in denia in the province of alicante , spain . as of march 2016 , llaollao is present in more than 180 establishments in 33 countries worldwide including several countries in europe and latin america , morocco , china , russia , cambodia , malaysia and indonesia .
cvidya networks is a provider of big data analytics products for communications and digital service providers . cvidyas market includes business protection and business growth , including revenue assurance , fraud management , marketing analytics and data monetization . the company has 300 employees in 18 countries and has over 150 customers . cvidyas investors include battery ventures , carmel ventures , hyperion , stageone , saints capital and plenus .
mccoy is a brand of pottery that was produced in the united states in the early 20th century . it is probably the most collected pottery in the nation . starting in 1848 by j.w.mccoy stoneware company , they established the nelson mccoy sanitary stoneware company in 1910 . they continued on almost into 1991 , but had to close down due to declining profits .
doeren mayhew is a certified public accounting and advisory firm that provides audit , assurance , tax , mergers and acquisitions , and business advisory services to privately and publicly held businesses , individuals , and institutions . doeren mayhew was founded in 1932 . it is headquartered in troy , michigan , with offices in houston , texas and ft. lauderdale , florida . there are approximately 300 employees .
c2c co. , ltd. is a japanese animation studio established on 3 april 2006 .
evenflo company , inc. is headquartered in miamisburg , ohio , and principally engages in the design , research and development , manufacturing , marketing and sale of evenflo and exersaucer branded juvenile products . the evenflo product portfolio includes car seats , travel systems , safety gates , high chairs , play yards , stationary activity centers , infant carriers and doorway jumpers . evenflo has two manufacturing facilities : one in piqua , ohio , and one in tijuana , mexico .
cherokee inc. , also known as cherokee global brands , is an american based global apparel and footwear company , headquartered in sherman oaks , california .
sysgo ag is a german information technologies company that supplies operating systems and services for embedded systems with high safety and security-related requirements and is a pioneer in the use of linux in the embedded market . for security-critical applications , the company offers the hypervisor and rtos pikeos , which today is the worlds first sil 4 certified operating system for multicore processors and the foundation for intelligent devices in the internet of things .
ghandhara nissan is a pakistani automobile manufacturer based in karachi , pakistan since 1981 . ghandhara nissan is the authorized assembler and manufacturer of nissan , dongfeng and jac vehicles in pakistan . in 2018 , the company will also begin manufacturing and assembling renault vehicles .
the groupe chantelle is a french lingerie company . it produces several lingerie brands on an international scale .
scottrade was a discount brokerage firm that operated both online and at branches . in 2017 , the company was acquired by td ameritrade and toronto-dominion bank .
simian squared ltd , or simian squared is a british video game developer based in london , england . the company was founded by brothers robert cummings and giuseppe landolina in 2011 .
bgw systems is a designer and manufacturer of audio power amplifiers based in southern california in the united states . the company also manufactures other audio electronics designs as well as computer systems and sheet metal products .
carrenza , is a cloud-computing company based in london , united kingdom .
combat zone is a pornographic film production company headquartered in chatsworth , california .
cfr pharmaceuticals , now owned by abbott laboratories , is a chilean pharmaceutical company engaged in the development , production , and sale of pharmaceutical drugs in 15 latin american countries such as argentina , bolivia , chile , colombia , costa rica , ecuador , paraguay , peru , venezuela and others and in vietnam in asia . the company is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in latin america .
sosv is a venture capital and investment management firm that provides seed , venture and growth stage funding to startup companies in the technology sector . the companys focus is on accelerating startups via their market specific seed accelerator programs located in europe , asia and the usa . the firm is made up of 7 investment partners , 45 + full-time support staff and hundreds of mentors .
council capital is a private equity and venture capital healthcare firm based in nashville , tennessee , u.s.a. .
teneues is a publishing company founded by dr. heinz teneues in krefeld , germany , in 1931 . it is a third-generation family firm and one of the leading book publishers in the areas of photography , design , lifestyle , and travel . teneues publishes coffee table books , illustrated calendars , and stationery products such as blank books and greeting cards .
thrifty payless holdings , inc. was a pharmacy holding company that owned the thrifty drugs and payless drug stores chains in the western united states . the combined company was formed in april 1994 when los angeles-based tch corporation , the parent company of thrifty corporation and thrifty drug stores , inc. , acquired the kmart subsidiary payless drug stores northwest , inc.
tilera corporation was a fabless semiconductor company focusing on manycore embedded processor design . the company ships multiple processors , including the tile64 , tilepro64 , and the tilepro36 , tile-gx72 , tile-gx36 , tile-gx16 and tile-gx9 .
agenus is a lexington , massachusetts-based biotechnology company focused on immunotherapy including immuno-oncology , a field that uses the immune system to control or cure cancer . the company is developing checkpoint modulators , patient-specific anti-cancer vaccines , and adjuvants that can be used with a range of vaccines . cpm development is a particularly fast-moving field , since early products have produced unprecedented clinical benefits for patients .
musitronics , often shortened to mu-tron , was a manufacturer of electronic musical effects active in the 1970s . founded by mike beigel and aaron newman , the companys product line focused on filtering and processing effects derived from synthesizer components . the company was known for producing high-quality products with many user-adjustable parameters , but high production costs and a failed product line , the gizmotron , caused its downfall .
head records was an entertainment retailer in the united kingdom and the republic of ireland . as of 2017 , the company was registered in ireland to vivid fusion ltd - a new company established by les and jayne whitfield .
intelligent creatures is a motion picture visual effects company located in toronto , ontario , canada .
fitwell -LRB- -RRB- is a company that offers mobile apps that provide coaching and personal fitness plans . the company have collaborated with pro athletes : the live-action workout videos feature croatian national team olympic basketball player antonija sandri , turkish national team pro basketball player dou balbay , master personal trainer burcu ku , master personal trainer murat br . the workouts are supervised by turkish national teams performance trainer murat can ner .
entra eiendom asa is a norwegian real estate company , headquartered in oslo , norway and is from october 2014 49.6 % state owned .
reliance entertainment is a division of the reliance anil dhirubhai ambani group handling its media and entertainment business , across content and distribution platforms . the key content initiatives are across movies , music , sports , gaming , internet & mobile portals , leading to direct opportunities in delivery across the emerging digital distribution platforms : digital cinema , iptv , dth and mobile tv .
the wadia group is one of the oldest conglomerates of india . the group was founded by sir lovji nusserwanjee wadia in 1736 . lovji wadia secured contracts with the british east india company to build ships and docks in bombay in 1736 . this , and subsequent efforts , would result in bombay becoming a strategic port for the british colonial undertakings in asia . the bombay dry-dock , the first dry-dock in asia , was built by lovji and his brother sorabji in 1750 .
sky and space global ltd is a british public company planning a constellation of 200 nanosatellites in equatorial low earth orbit for narrowband communications that it expects will cost $ 160 million or less to complete in total . satellites will feature inter-satellite links and the capability to autonomously monitor and manage satellite health and the in-orbit communications network .
el toro is a technology company based in louisville , kentucky , united states , best known for their unique ip targeting platform . it specializes in delivering display advertisements to specific households based on ip address without the use of cookies .
maersk line is the global container division and the largest operating unit of the maersk group , a danish business conglomerate . it is the worlds largest container shipping company having customers through 374 offices in 116 countries . it employs approximately 7,000 sea farers and approximately 25,000 land-based people . maersk line operates over 600 vessels and has a capacity of 2.6 million teu . the company was founded in 1928 .
sncf logistics is the division of the sncf group responsible for freight transportation and logistics . the ceo of sncf logistics is alain picard the division includes the activities of : geodis , general land transport and logistics fret .
landstar system , inc. is a transportation services company specializing in logistics and more specifically third-party logistics . landstar provides services principally throughout the united states and to a lesser extent in canada and between the u.s. and canada , mexico and other countries around the world .
mariner group , based in marshfield , massachusetts , united states , was a chain of weekly newspapers in the suburban south shore near boston , massachusetts , united states . founded in 1972 with one paper , the marshfield mariner , the group was sold in 1989 to capital cities/abc and again in 1995 to fidelity investments , which dissolved it into community newspaper company a few months later . today , several of the mariner papers still publish as part of cnc , now owned by gatehouse media .
etelecare global solutions , inc , was a provider of complex business process outsourcing solutions.etelecare global solutions provides outsourced service through voice , email , and chat for companies in such industries such as consumer electronics , telecommunications , financial services , travel , and media .
probo is an user automated testing tool that provides continuous integration , workflow organization and quality assurance using the same tool for project managers and developers . probo expands upon the automated testing functionality of many other ci tools by providing a quality assurance environment where users can manually review the look and feel of changes before committing them .
vips , alternatively written vips , is a defunct restaurant chain in the western united states that operated from 1968 until the late 1980s , based in salem , oregon . with more than 50 locations , it was once the largest restaurant chain based in oregon . it was a dennys-style restaurant , a type that was commonly known at that time as a coffee shop but is now more commonly known as a casual dining restaurant . most restaurants were located near freeways and were open 24 hours .
dan bus company is an israeli bus company based in tel aviv . it operates local bus service in the tel aviv metropolitan area as well as some intercity bus services between the gush dan area and nearby regions .
brown brothers harriman & co. is the oldest and one of the largest private banks in the united states . in 1931 , the merger of brown brothers & co. and harriman brothers & co. formed the current bbh . assets under custody .
travel cuts , doing business under the style travelcuts , is a canadian travel agency catering to student , youth , educational , and budget travellers . under its original ownership , travelcuts was operated as a hybrid commercial enterprise and non-profit organization . travelcuts is currently owned and operated by merit travel group .
relaxnews is a french news agency dedicated to leisure news .
tooheys is a brewery in the suburb of lidcombe , in sydney , new south wales , australia . it produces beers and ciders under the tooheys and hahn brewery trademarks , and is part of the lion beverages group which was acquired by the japanese kirin company in 2009 .
p is the 16th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
american automotive equipment , also known as aae , is a united states-based manufacturer , distributor , and seller of automotive service equipment . a privately held company , aae is headquartered in port chester , new york .
ufip , acronym for unione fabbricanti italiani piatti , is an italian cymbal manufacturer , based in pistoia , tuscany .
lightinthebox holding co. , ltd. is an international online retail company that delivers products to consumers in over 200 countries and territories . it sells lifestyle products through lightinthebox.com , miniinthebox.com , and its other websites , which are available in 26 major languages as of october 2013 .
dice los angeles is an american video game developer and a division of ea dice . the company was founded in april 1995 as joint venture between dreamworks and microsoft under the name dreamworks interactive . it was acquired by electronic arts and renamed ea los angeles in 2000 , and to danger close games in 2010 . in 2013 , the studio became a division of ea dice and received the name dice los angeles .
jersey post is the licensed universal service provider of mail service for the bailiwick of jersey .
alfa-vita vassilopoulos or simply ab is a supermarket chain based in greece .
sound diplomacy is a london , barcelona and berlin-based music agency . advisors to the company include spotifys will page , scott cohen and damon forbes of sheer sound , while further insights come from shain shapiros research on his phd thesis entitled the history of popular music funding in canada .
ace cash express , inc. is a financial services provider headquartered in irving , texas . ace serves customers in 24 states and the district of columbia both online and through a network of stores . founded in 1968 , ace provides a range of retail financial products and services including short-term consumer loans , check cashing , debit card services , money transfers , bill payments and money orders .
sinclair knight merz was a private australian company operating across asia pacific , the americas , europe , the middle east and africa . the company had global capability in strategic consulting , engineering and project delivery . jacobs engineering group announced its acquisition of skm late in 2013 for aus $ 1.3 billion .
research now is an online sampling and data collection company that collects visitors digital data by tracking their social networks and referring sites . the company provides the digital data they collect to their clients .
the ateliers germain was a belgian engineering manufacturing company based in monceau-sur-sambre near charleroi . the company manufactured motorcars under license in the early 20th century until the first world war , after which is concentrated on rail vehicle manufacture . it merged with the socit anglo-franco-belge in the 1960s shortly before becoming defunct .
disney games and interactive experiences , originally established as disney interactive , disney interactive media group and walt disney internet group , is an american company that oversees various websites and interactive media owned by the walt disney company and its subsidiaries .
oilers entertainment group is a company based out of edmonton , alberta , that operates katz group of companies sports and entertainment offerings . the flagship property and namesake is the edmonton oilers of the national hockey league . oeg also operates rogers place , the new home of the oilers in downtown edmonton . oeg is owned by daryl katz .
eushully is a japanese eroge studio based in sapporo , hokkaid . games produced by the studio often reach high positions on japanese sales charts , even gaining the top rank among eroge , but as of 2016 , none have been officially released outside japan .
instabase is a technology company specializing in data related services and products . the company is headquartered in san francisco , united states .
the assam bengal railway was one of the pioneering railway companies in british india . headquartered in chittagong , it functioned from 1892 to 1942 .
mxr was a rochester , new york-based manufacturer of effects pedals , co-founded in 1972 by keith barr and terry sherwood and incorporated as mxr innovations , inc. in 1974 . the mxr trademark is now owned by jim dunlop , which continues to produce the original effects units along with new additions to the line .
shine medical technologies , is a private corporation based in janesville , wisconsin usa which is building a facility to produce radioactive isotopes for medical applications . shine is an acronym for subcritical hybrid intense neutron emitter .
daisy health is a telecommunications company founded in 1992 . it was acquired by daisy group in december 2010 for 23.5 million . it supplies bespoke telephony solutions for gps and dental surgeries as well as corporate and government bodies . in 2007 it processed over 60 million telephone calls and supplies hardware and inbound telephone lines for approx 1500 uk surgeries .
lionsgate films is an american film production/distribution studio and a division of lionsgate . it is the largest and most successful mini-major film studio in north america .
versus evil , llc is a us-based independent video game publisher . the company was founded to help independent game developers be financially and creatively successful in the highly competitive video game market .
biacore is a life science products company , based in sweden . in june 2006 ge healthcare acquired biacore for $ 390 million . biacore specializes in measuring biomolecular interactions , including protein-protein interactions , small molecule/fragment-protein interactions , etc. its technology is often used to measure not only binding affinities , but kinetic rate constants and thermodynamics as well .
manistee watch company was a watch manufacturing company that produced pocket watch mechanisms from 1909 until 1912 .
griffins foods limited is an australasian owned biscuit , snack food and confectionery manufacturer operating in new zealand . the company has sales of approximately nz $ 300 million .
art technology group was an independent internet technology company specializing in ecommerce software and on-demand optimization applications until its acquisition by oracle on january 5 , 2011 . atg continues to be based in cambridge , massachusetts and operates under its own name as a subsidiary of oracle . the company is a provider of ecommerce software and related on-demand commerce optimization applications .
asylum records is an american record label , founded in 1971 by david geffen and partner elliot roberts . it was taken over by warner communications in 1972 , and later merged with elektra records to become elektra/asylum records . after various incarnations , it is currently geared primarily towards hip-hop , along with rock and alternative metal . it is owned by warner music group , and is currently distributed through alternative distribution alliance .
doosan koda power , a part of global company doosan , is a leading global manufacturer and supplier of equipment for power stations , machine rooms especially equipped for steam turbines . the portfolio includes steam turbines in the range of performances from 10 to 1200 mw with vast experience in applications of gas , coal , cogeneration , nuclear and csp power productions , and r & d investments , the company offers high efficiency products combined with extreme reliability and operational flexibility .
tosy is a vietnamese robots manufacturer which is based in hanoi , vietnam . the company specializes in designing and manufacturing robots and smart toys . its current commercial products are discorobo , toop and afo .
camper is a footwear company with headquarters in mallorca , spain . lorenzo fluxa founded the company in 1975 . the camper brand is marketed globally and is present in 40 countries , with more than 400 stores , and sales of around 4 million pairs of shoes annually .
union giesserei was a german engineering company based in knigsberg , east prussia .
hudbay is a canadian mining corporation . founded as hudson bay mining & smelting co. , limited , it has been exploring and mining in manitoba for over 80 years . much of its history has centered on flin flon , manitoba . hudbay now has operations in manitoba , peru , and yukon .
ivnostensk banka was a major commercial bank operating in the czech republic . in 2002 it became a member of the italian unicredit group . in 2006 it was merged with hvb bank and the new merged bank was renamed unicredit bank czech republic .
w. can refer to : george w. bush , the 43rd president of the united statesw . , a 2008 film about u.s. president george w. bush directed by oliver stonew . channel , an australian television channel tailored towards womenw. , a song by codeine from the ep barely real .
online stores , inc. is an e-commerce company based in new stanton , pennsylvania , specializing in retail niche markets that has been in operation since 2001 . its best-selling products are american flags . the privately owned company employs approximately 100 people and includes eight stores : united states flag store , english tea store , discount safety gear store , safety girl store , imprinted store , toysplash , construction gear store .
air sngal international was an airline with its head office in dakar , senegal . it was a regional carrier operating a scheduled domestic network and regional flights to neighbouring countries . it also operated charter and air taxi flights . its main base was dakar-yoff-lopold sdar senghor international airport . on april 24 , 2009 , the airline suspended all of its operations .
la vie du rail is a french publishing group headquartered in auray , which specialises in magazines and books about rail transport , and transport more generally . the editor-in-chief is vincent lalu . it was started in 1952 as an in-house publication of the sncf , taking over the role played by notre mtier since 1938 . in 1965 it became a weekly paid-for magazine independent of the sncf , which retains a minority share in the company .
aapt is a large fixed line telecommunications company , which was sold in 2013 by telecom new zealand to tpg telecom for $ 450 million . the company was a member of the infrastructure assurance advisory group for the critical infrastructure protection branch of the attorney-generals department .
fidessa group plc is a british-headquartered company which provides software and services , such as trading and investment management systems , analytics and market data , to buy side and sell side clients in the financial services sector . the company is headquartered in london with offices in new york city , chicago , boston , tokyo , hong kong , paris , toronto , san francisco , singapore , sydney , so paulo , woking and belfast .
odyssey space research , llc is a small business based in houston , texas near nasa lyndon b. johnson space center providing engineering research and analysis services . this start-up in the space industry founded in november 2003 has already won major contracts and is the only private company working on the 5 next human-rated spacecraft .
advanced flow engineering is a manufacturer of automotive cold air intake systems , performance air filters , fluid filters , intake manifolds , turbochargers , programmers , throttle body spacers and exhaust systems . afe was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in corona , california , united states , in two facilities totaling 160,000 sq ft including their 77,000 sq ft headquarters and manufacturing facilities .
mandiant is an american cybersecurity firm . it rose to prominence in february 2013 when it released a report directly implicating china in cyber espionage . on december 30 , 2013 , mandiant was acquired by fireeye in a stock and cash deal worth in excess of $ 1 billion .
fnbox ventures , inc. is a latin american technology company primarily organized as a holding company that manages various online businesses .
lanco infratech is a large indian business conglomerate involved in construction , power , real estate , and several other segments . in 2010 , the group of companies was listed among the fastest growing in the world . in 2011 , the group became the largest private power provider in india . lanco was one of the first independent power producers in india .
turo , formerly relayrides , is a company that operates a peer-to-peer carsharing marketplace . it allows private car owners to rent out their vehicles via an online and mobile interface . as of 2017 , there are about four million users and 170,000 privately-owned cars on the app . the company is based in san francisco . from 2013 to 2014 , relayrides was the subject of an investigation in new york over violations of state vehicle insurance law that resulted in $ 200,000 in fines .
graham media group is the television broadcasting subsidiary of the graham holdings company . it is now headquartered in chicago , after being co-located for several years with its local nbc affiliate wdiv-tv in detroit .
the arcade is an australian nonprofit company that houses indie game developers in designated workspaces in order to foster a creative community using game methodologies and technologies . they share property rent and are open to game testing each others games to offer critique and support .
halfords autocentre is a car servicing and repair company in the united kingdom , specialising in car servicing , mot testing , brakes , tyres , exhausts , and air conditioning services/repairs . as of 2017 there are 314 autocentres in the uk .
edison studios was an american film production organization , owned by companies controlled by inventor and entrepreneur , thomas edison . the studio made close to 1,200 films , as part of the edison manufacturing company and then the thomas a. edison , inc. , until the studios closing in 1918 . of that number , 54 were feature length , and the remainder were shorts .
fuji electric co. , ltd. , operating under the brand name fe , is a japanese electrical equipment company , manufacturing pressure transmitters , flowmeters , gas analyzers , controllers , inverters , pumps , generators , ics , motors , and power equipment .
this article describes the bus group , for the grampian regional transport bus company and successors/predecessors , see first aberdeengrt group was a bus operating company in the united kingdom from 1989 until 1995 . it was formed when grampian regional transport was privatised . it went on to purchase a number of bus companies in england and scotland . in april 1994 , grt group was listed on the stock exchange , and in june 1995 merged with badgerline to form firstbus .
free mobile is a french wireless service provider , part of the iliad group . it was the fourth mobile network operator to obtain a metropolitan french 3g license in 2009 . it also obtained a 4g license in 2011 . free mobile provides wireless services to 13.825 million subscribers as of march 2018 .
r. raphael & sons plc , trading as raphaels bank , is a small uk-based independent bank that provides prepaid and credit card services , personal savings products , consumer credit , and a multi-currency atm network . it was established in 1787 by dutchman raphael raphael who moved to london at the start of the napoleonic wars .
marin software is an online advertising company headquartered in san francisco .
waste connections , inc. is an north american integrated waste services company that provides waste collection , transfer , disposal and recycling services , primarily of solid waste . it has operations in both the united states and canada , and has headquarters in the woodlands , texas and vaughan , ontario . it is the third largest waste management company in north america .
bormioli rocco is a formerly all-italian manufacturer of household goods now operating under international holding company vision capital . the company has been italys largest glass manufacturer and one of the worlds leading suppliers of tableware and glassware . founded in 1825 in fidenza , bormioli rocco produces glassware and plastic containers as well as containers focused on pharmaceutical use .
cbs theatrical films , also as cbs theatrical films group , was the film production branch of the u.s. television network , cbs , which was active from 1979 to 1985 . cbs was also a partner in tristar pictures , which started as a joint venture with columbia pictures , and time , inc. s hbo . cbs was an owner in tristar from the start in 1982 to 1985 .
rayonier inc , headquartered in yulee , florida , is a timberland real estate investment trust with assets located in some of the most productive softwood timber growing regions in the united states and new zealand . its core business segments are timber and real estate . as of december 31 , 2017 , the company owned or leased approximately 2.6 million acres of timberlands overall , located in the u.s. south and u.s. pacific northwest .
bae systems avionics was the avionics unit of bae systems until 2005 , at which time it was transferred to selex sensors and airborne systems s.p.a and was renamed selex sensors and airborne systems limited .
evia oyj was one of the largest finnish marketing communication agencies , founded 1955 and known as markkinointi viherjuuri before 2001 name change to evia oyj . on 18 june 2009 evia oyj filed for bankruptcy .
institutional shareholder services , inc. is a proxy advisory firm . hedge funds , mutual funds and similar organizations that own shares of multiple companies pay iss to advise regarding share holder votes . it is the largest such firm , with over 61 percent of the business . it was owned by msci until april 30 , 2014 when it was purchased by vestar capital partners . in 2017 , ownership of iss switched to genstar capital .
digicel is a mobile phone network provider operating in 31 markets across the caribbean , central america , and oceania regions . the company is owned by the irish billionaire denis obrien , is incorporated in bermuda , and based in jamaica . it has about 14 million wireless users .
summit bancorp was a bank based in summit , new jersey that operated in new jersey , pennsylvania , and connecticut . in 2001 , it was acquired by fleetboston financial .
oriental bank of commerce is an india-based bank established in lahore , is one of the public sector banks in india .
cirkle is a public relations agency that specialises in food & drink pr , lifestyle pr and beauty pr . it was founded in 1998 and is a member of the prca . staff are also members of the cipr .
edward d. jones & co. , l.p. , since 1995 simplified as edward jones is a financial services firm headquartered in des peres , missouri , united states and serves investment clients in the u.s. and canada , through its branch network of more than 14,000 locations and currently has relationships with nearly 7 million clients and $ 1 trillion in assets under management worldwide . the firm focuses solely on individual investors and small-business owners .
steimatzky is the oldest and largest bookstore chain in israel .
noweco or norwegian welding control as is an industrial company based in harstad and hammerfest , norway . it provides services related to the onshore and offshore industries . the company is owned by norwegian welding company and its employees .
shartenbergs department store was a six-floor department store located at 765-777 chapel street in downtown new haven , connecticut , designed in the neoclassical style . in 2007 , it was ranked among the landmark consumer paradises of new havens past , along with the edw . malley co. , macys , and grants .
netiq is an enterprise software company based in houston , texas . netiq is owned by micro focus international . the company provides products for identity and access management , security and data center management . the companys flagship products include : netiq access manager , appmanager , secure configuration manager , sentinel and netiq identity manager .
west atlantic group is a holding company for two european cargo airlines , west air sweden and west atlantic uk with its head office in gothenburg , sweden . west atlantic sweden have an annual turnover in excess of 100 million and employ some 650 staff to operate a fleet in excess of 50 aircraft . the airline specializes in the transport of mail , dangerous goods and general cargo .
imk 14 . oktobar is a serbian company specialized in the production of heavy machinery and equipment , which declared bankruptcy in january 2016 . it is headquartered in kruevac , serbia . along kruevac , it maintains production facilities in varvarin , brus and raanj .
repligen is an american company devoted to the development and production of materials used in the manufacture of biological drugs .2014 the company is based in waltham , massachusetts ,2014 and incorporated in delaware in 1981 . a public company , repligen is listed on the nasdaq exchange under the symbol rgen . as of february 2014 , repligen employed 116 people , about 50 % of these based in sweden .
cyberconnect2 co. , ltd. is a video game development studio mostly known for its work on the . hack series , along with a series of fighting games based on the naruto franchise . they are also known for creating the spiritual little tail bronx series . they were previously involved in developing final fantasy vii remake with square enix , but their involvement has since been terminated .
the green house project is an american national non-profit organization dedicated to creating alternative living environments to traditional nursing home care facilities . the project creates caring homes for meaningful lives for elders where residents have private rooms and baths , can move freely through the home , build deep knowing relationships with each other more and even participate in preparing their own meals .
ong shunmugam is a singapore-based contemporary womenswear label founded by designer priscilla shunmugam . it is designed and made across asia and offers ready-to-wear ranges and bespoke designs . known for its innovative take on the cheongsam and integrating traditional textiles and asian-inspired designs in its collections , ong shunmugam has been described as being a thoughtful reinterpretation of traditional asian ethnic wear ... designed for an intelligent woman .
petrochina company limited is a chinese oil and gas company and is the listed arm of state-owned china national petroleum corporation , headquartered in dongcheng district , beijing . it is chinas biggest oil producer . traded in hong kong and new york , the mainland enterprise announced its plans to issue stock in shanghai in november 2007 , and subsequently entered the constituent of sse 50 index .
nanohealth is a social enterprise that focuses on managing chronic diseases such as diabetes , asthma , and hypertension in indian urban slums and low income communities . it was the 2014 recipient of the hult prize .
cognio , inc. was an american company that developed and marketed radio frequency spectrum analysis products that find and solve channel interference problems on wireless networks and in wireless applications . cognios spectrum expert product was designed for common frequency bands such as rfid and wi-fi . it was sold primarily to network engineers responsible for security for wireless networks or applications that run on wireless networks . cognio was acquired by cisco systems in 2007 .
edited is a retail technology company headquartered in london , england , with offices in new york and san francisco . the company produces a real-time data analytics software of the same name intended for apparel brands and retailers to monitor the apparel retail market worldwide . its software is primarily used by apparel buyers , traders and merchandisers .
crystal rock holdings , inc is an american company providing home and office refreshment products . the company is based in watertown , connecticut , and specializes in bottled water , water coolers , coffee , and other hot beverage related products used around the office . crystal rock operates through its subsidiary crystal rock llc throughout the northeast in the united states .
realogy holdings corporation is an american publicly owned company that provides real estate and relocation services . it owns and franchises several real estate brands and brokerages . it also provides relocation , title and settlement services .
balaban and katz theater corporation , or b & k was a theatre corporation which owned a chain of motion picture theaters and founded by a. j. balaban and sam katz .
cosentini associates is an engineering firm which provides consulting engineering services for the building industry .
huntsworth is a public limited company headquartered in london and listed on the london stock exchange . huntsworth is an international healthcare communications and public relations group operating from 62 principal offices in 29 countries providing services to c. 1,870 clients . the group operates in the consumer , financial , public affairs , integrated healthcare and technology sectors and comprises four divisions being huntsworth health , grayling , citigate , and red .
blackbird vineyards is a napa valley based winery that was founded by aubrey dean jenkins and michael james hastings in 1995 . it is now part of the bespoke collection . current owner , michael polenske , wanted to create a winery that focused on producing wines from merlot grapes , which fits with the name blackbird , as merlot means young blackbird , in french patois . blackbird vineyards creates wines inspired by the pomerol area of france .
commerce bancorp was a cherry hill , new jerseybased bank created in 1973 . in 2007 , it was purchased by toronto-dominion bank , which merged commerce with td banknorth to form td bank , n.a. all of its banks and branches were given the td bank logo .
mbia , inc. is a financial services company . it was founded in 1973 as the municipal bond insurance association . it is headquartered in purchase , new york , and as of january 1 , 2015 had approximately 180 employees . mbia is the largest bond insurer .
divine chocolate limited is a purveyer of fairtrade chocolate . it was originally established in the uk in 1998 as a company limited by shares co-owned by the kuapa kokoo cocoa farmers co-operative in ghana , twin trading and the body shop , with support from christian aid and comic relief . the body shop subsequently handed their shares over to kuapa kokoo which increased kuapas share of divine chocolate ltd from 33 % to 45 % .
scotia prince cruises was a cruise ferry operator based in maine which owned and operated the m/s scotia prince . this ferry operated across the gulf of maine between portland , maine , and yarmouth , nova scotia , until the end of the 2004 sailing season .
mostotrest is the largest russian heavy construction company . the company is focused in the construction of roads , rail , bridges and highways and other engineering constructions .
the derwent cumberland pencil company is a manufacturer of pencils and other stationery . the business began in 1832 in cumbria under the name of banks , son & co. the company was bought by acco uk , and became a brand of their product range .
defiant comics was a comic book publishing imprint of enlightened entertainment partners , lp . defiant was established in 1993 by former marvel comics and valiant comics editor-in-chief jim shooter .
kazkommertsbank is the largest private bank in kazakhstan with a total market share of 24 % .
interfor corporation is one of the largest lumber producers in the world . the companys sawmilling operations have a combined manufacturing capacity of over 3 billion board feet of lumber with sales to north america , asia-pacific and europe . interfor is based in vancouver , bc and provides employment to approximately 3400 people . in may 2014 , interfor opened its corporate office for the usa south-east region at peachtree city , georgia .
the mathworks , inc. is an american privately held corporation that specializes in mathematical computing software . its major products include matlab and simulink , which support data analysis and simulation . as of june 2016 , it employed over 3,500 people worldwide with 70 % located at the companys headquarters in natick , massachusetts , united states .
airspan networks is a supplier of broadband wireless equipment supporting the 4g lte and wimax protocol standards .
delicious orchards is a farm and country food market located in colts neck , new jersey , united states .
nuttelex is an australian manufacturer of margarine . first manufactured in 1932 , its namesake brand is the oldest brand of margarine in australia .
greyston bakery was founded in riverdale , new york , by bernie glassman , a zen buddhist . although it is a for-profit company , its profits go to its non-profit parent organization , the greyston foundation , where they are used on behalf of the local community .
china minsheng trust co. , ltd. is a chinese trust and investment management company . the company formerly known as china tourism international trust investment co. , ltd. founded in 1994 .
forest city realty trust , inc. is real estate investment trust that invests in office buildings , shopping centers and apartments in boston , chicago , dallas , denver , los angeles , philadelphia , and the greater metropolitan areas of new york city , san francisco and washington , d.c. the company is organized in maryland with its headquarters in cleveland , ohio . as of december 31 , 2017 , the company owned 29 office buildings , 29 shopping centers , and 78 apartment complexes .
the motor insurers bureau was founded in the uk in 1946 as a private company limited by guarantee and is the mechanism in the uk through which compensation is provided for victims of accidents caused by uninsured and untraced drivers , which is funded by an estimated 30 a year from every insured drivers premiums .
clarkson plc , often referred to simply as clarksons , is a provider of shipping services , and is headquartered in london . in 2011 , lloyds list described the companys shipbroking service as the undisputed heavyweight of the shipbroking market . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
nstigate games was an american video game developer based in novato , california .
ugs was a computer software company headquartered in plano , texas , specializing in 3d & 2d product lifecycle management software . its operations were amalgamated into the siemens plm software business unit of siemens industry automation division , when siemens completed the us $ 3.5 billion acquisition of ugs on may 7 , 2007 . ugs flagship products were nx , a cad/cam/cae commercial software suite , and teamcenter , an integrated set of plm and collaboration tools .
dmw motorcycles was a british motorcycle manufacturer . based in wolverhampton , dmw was founded in 1940 . the company took over ambassador motorcycles in 1963 and continued production until they closed the company in 1965 . although dmw ceased motorcycle production in 1971 , it was noted for trials and racing machines and many dmws can still be seen at uk sporting events . dmw produced about 15,000 motorcycles and several other manufacturers used dmw forks and engines .
cassell & co is a british book publishing house , founded in 1848 by john cassell , which became in the 1890s an international publishing group company . in 1995 cassell & co acquired pinter publishers . in december 1998 cassell & co was bought by the orion publishing group . in january 2002 cassell imprints , including the cassell reference and cassell military were joined with the weidenfeld imprints to form a new division under the name of weidenfeld & nicolson ltd.
ford motor company of canada ltd. was founded on august 17 , 1904 for the purpose of manufacturing and selling ford automobiles in canada and the british empire . it was originally known as the walkerville wagon works , and was located in walkerville , ontario . the founder , gordon mcgregor , convinced a group of investors to invest in henry fords new automobile which was being produced across the river in detroit .
banco ita was a former brazilian bank that merged with unibanco on november 4 , 2008 , to form ita unibanco .
milkweed editions is an independent , nonprofit literary publisher founded in minneapolis in 1980 . it releases eighteen to twenty new books each year in the genres of fiction , nonfiction , and poetry . milkweed editions annually awards three prizes for poetry : the lindquist & vennum prize for poetry , the jake adam york prize , and they are a partner publisher for the national poetry series .
access industries , inc. is a privately held multinational industrial group . it was founded in 1986 by ukrainian businessman leonard len blavatnik , who is also its chairman . accesss industrial focus is in four areas : natural resources and chemicals , media and telecommunications , venture capital and real estate . the group invests in the united states , europe , israel , and south america . it is headquartered in new york , with additional offices in london and moscow .
totality corporation was a venture-backed professional services and managed services provider based out of san francisco , from the years 1999 to 2005 . the senior management team and founders were primarily executives from eds , fort point partners , aol/netscape , ibm , oracle and sun microsystems . in late 2005 totality was acquired by mci which in turn was acquired by verizon . verizon now operates totality under its brandname .
europorte is a european rail freight company , a subsidiary of getlink operating in france and through the channel tunnel . the company was formed in 2009 as an entity encompassing the previous operations of europorte 2 and the france-based businesses of veolia cargo . eurotunnels original freight business , europorte 2 , was rebranded to become europorte channel and moved as a subsidiary under the europorte division of the eurotunnel group .
belvedere management is a financial services group based in mauritius that claims to have $ 16 billion of assets under administration . in march 2015 , offshore alert described the group as a ponzi scheme and it is currently under investigation by regulators in south africa , mauritius and guernsey . the allegations remain unproven .
the sharper image is an american brand that offers consumers home electronics , air purifiers , gifts and other high-tech lifestyle products through its website , catalog , and third-party retailers . the sharper image catalog and website are owned and operated by michigan-based camelot venture group , while the brand licensing is owned by threesixty group , inc. the brand has been in operation since its relaunch in 2010 .
the print services & distribution association is an international trade association for the print distribution industry . its members include some print distributors , print resellers , agencies , printers and suppliers .
william patterson shipbuilders was a major shipbuilder in bristol , england during the 19th century and an innovator in ship construction , producing both the ss great western and ss great britain , fine lined yachts and a small number of warships .
kildares is an irish pub-themed casual dining restaurant chain and drinking establishment in the united states . it was named after county kildare , located in ireland , and it specializes in irish american cuisine .
ellsworth handcrafted bicycles is a bicycle manufacturer based in ramona , california with manufacturing facilities in vancouver , washington . founded by tony ellsworth in 1991 , it produces a range of trail , free-ride , and road bikes . ellsworth also produce a designer/cruiser bike known as the ride .
universo online is a brazilian web content , products and services firm . it belongs to grupo folha enterprise . as of january 2015 , uols website is ranked 73 on similarweb and ranked 108 on alexa internet globally . in 2012 , uol was ranked by alexa as the fifth most visited website in brazil , losing only to google portals and facebook .
lee equity partners is a private equity firm focused on growth capital investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries . the firm , which is based in new york city , was founded in 2006 by thomas h. lee , the notable private equity investor who previously founded thomas h. lee partners and also owns the blue star group of fund of hedge funds .
azimut hotels is a russian company that manages the international hotel chain . it operates some 24 hotels . the hotel chain has joined a rating of the largest hotel networks worldwide , according to hotels magazine .
tokai gakki company , ltd. , often referred to as tokai guitars , is a japanese guitar manufacturer situated in hamamatsu city , shizuoka prefecture . tokai is one of japans leading makers of acoustic guitars , electric guitars , electric basses , autoharps , melodicas and guitar amplifiers . in the past , tokai also made pianos . tokai was founded in 1947 by tadayouki adachi and remains family-owned .
westland milk products is the trading name of westland co-operative dairy company limited . westland is an independent co-operative dairy company in new zealand , owned by over 429 farmer shareholders that supply milk for processing . milk is sourced from farms as far north as karamea and as far south as haast on the west coast and from farms throughout canterbury .
john beswick ltd , formerly j. w. beswick , was a pottery manufacturer , founded in 1892 by james wright beswick and his sons john and gilbert in longton , stoke-on-trent . in 1969 , the business was sold to doulton & co. ltd. the factory closed in 2002 and the brand john beswick was sold in 2004 . the pottery was chiefly known for producing high-quality porcelain figurines such as farm animals and beatrix potter characters and have become highly sought in the collectables market .
lenzing ag is a company based in lenzing , austria , whose main business is textile and nonwovens cellulose fibers , and which also makes some polymer plastics . lenzing group is an international group of companies with its headquarters in austria , and production sites in all major markets .
thrillist is an online media brand covering food , drink , travel and entertainment . the company was founded in 2004 and is based in new york city . in october 2016 , thrillist merged with internet brands the dodo , nowthis news , and seeker to form the holding company group nine media .
the kansai electric power co. , inc. , also known as kanden . the kansai region is japans second-largest industrial area , and in normal times , its most nuclear-reliant . before the fukushima nuclear disaster , a band of 11 nuclear reactors north of the major cities osaka and kyoto supplied almost 50 percent of the regions power .
rietumu banka - jsc rietumu banka is a latvian commercial bank that was established in 1992 . it is one of the largest private banks in the baltic states , specialising in corporate banking and affluent individuals . it is headquartered in riga .
karnataka power corporation limited is a company owned by the government of karnataka , and is engaged in the service of generating electrical power in the state of karnataka in india . the modes for generation of electric power are hydroelectric , thermal and diesel . the company was started on 20.07.1970 due to a vision of the karnataka government for separate entities for generation and distribution of electric power .
cirque corporation is an american company which developed and commercialized the first successful capacitive touchpad , now widely used in notebook computers . cirque develops and sells a variety of touch input products , both in oem and end-user retail form . cirque was founded in 1991 by george e. gerpheide , phd , and james l. ocallaghan , to commercialize the glidepoint technology invented in the 1980s by dr. gerpheide .
app annie is an app market data and insights company headquartered in san francisco , california . it produces consumer and competitive information on downloads , revenue , ratings , usage , search terms , etc. to support decision making for app marketing spend optimization , partnering and investment strategies and product roadmap prioritization .
kohler mira ltd is a plumbing company based in cheltenham , gloucestershire known for its brand of mira showers .
the gardline group is a holding company based in great yarmouth , england . the group consists of more than 35 companies focussed primarily on service industries . the holding company was established in 2009 to bring together a number of existing companies including the original gardline shipping , first established in 1969 which continues today , focussed on shipping and other maritime services .
daewoo pakistan express bus service ltd or daewoo express is an inter-city common carrier of passengers by bus serving over 60 destinations in pakistan and is headquartered in lahore .
mitie group plc is a british strategic outsourcing and energy services company . it provides infrastructure consultancy , facilities management , property management , energy and healthcare services . it has a head office in bristol and more than 200 smaller offices throughout the uk and ireland . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
optoma corporation is a multi-national audio and visual solutions provider specializing in the design and manufacturer of projectors , professional audiovisual solutions , digital cinema , laser projectors , led projectors , dlp projectors , interactive projectors , image processing equipment and software , projection mapping , digital signage and retail solutions , and professional audio products . optoma corporation has regional headquarters in europe , north america , asia-pacific and china .
zwilling j. a. henckels is a knife manufacturer based in solingen , germany . it is one of the largest and oldest manufacturers of kitchen knives , scissors , cookware and flatware . since 1970 it has been a part of the werhahn-group .
nuup bussii a/s is a bus company in nuuk , the capital of greenland , providing public transport services for the city . as of 2014 nuup bussii has 31 employees , operating 16 buses with a distinct yellow color , as well as five other small vehicles .
the bruery is a brewing company based in placentia , california founded by patrick rue and named as a fusion between his family name and the word brewery . it opened in 2008 and has thus far produced an average of 2,500 barrels of beer annually in their 15 barrel brewhouse . in may 2017 , the brewery announced they were selling a majority stake to boston , massachusetts-based private-equity firm castanea partners .
a pen is a common writing instrument used to apply ink to a surface , usually paper , for writing or drawing . historically , reed pens , quill pens , and dip pens were used , with a nib dipped in ink . ruling pens allow precise adjustment of line width , and still find a few specialized uses , but technical pens such as the rapidograph are more commonly used . modern types include ballpoint , rollerball , fountain and felt or ceramic tip pens .
public establishment of television , abbreviated as eptv , is a state-owned company that manages the activity of television in algeria , going from production to broadcasting . it is the oldest broadcasting service in the country . it currently operates an eponymous television network tlvision algrienne , four television channels canal algrie , a3 , channel 4 and coran tv , and one channel for technical tests eptv feed .
the wiener lokalbahnen are a transportation company in greater vienna , austria . they are one of the two transportation subsidiaries of the city-owned wiener stadtwerke holding , the other one being wiener linien . the wlb operate the badner bahn , a double tracked and completely electrified railway from vienna to baden , as well as several bus lines .
w motors is a dubai-based car company , established originally in beirut , lebanon in 2012 by ralph r. debbas . w motors was the first lebanese manufacturer of sports cars , and is the first middle-east-based manufacturer of luxury sports cars , or supercars .
the boston medical group is , a network of medical offices sharing research information and treatment methods for erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation . founded in australia , the company opened its first office in mexico in guadalajara , jalisco on 4 july 1997 .
standard chartered zambia , officially standard chartered bank zambia plc , is a commercial bank in zambia and a subsidiary of standard chartered . it is licensed by the bank of zambia , the central bank and national banking regulator .
boticca is a london-based retail website for jewelry and fashion accessories , that features a selection emerging fashion designers .
yoox net-a-porter group is an italian online fashion retailer created on 5 october 2015 after the merger between yoox group and the net-a-porter group . yoox was founded by federico marchetti , in bologna in 2000 and has become an e-commerce company that serves more than 180 countries worldwide .
pure international ltd. is a british consumer electronics company , based in kings langley , hertfordshire , founded in 2002 . they are best known for designing and manufacturing digital audio broadcasting and dab + radios . pure have sold over five million products worldwide . all products are digital tick approved , with three years warranty as standard .
l.a. joe department store was a chain of charleston , west virginia based discount department stores that existed until june , 1992 .
re/search publications is an american magazine and book publisher , based in san francisco , founded by its editor v. vale in 1980 . in a few references andrea juno was also credited as an editor . however it was the successor to vales earlier punk rock fanzine search & destroy , which was started with $ 200 provided to vale by allen ginsberg and lawrence ferlinghetti . re/search itself began as a tabloid-sized magazine .
evanov radio group is a canadian radio broadcasting company . it is also the sole owner of dufferin communications inc. , 80 % owner of halifax broadcasting ltd. and ottawa media inc. the group of evanov companies owns and operates a number of radio stations in ontario , quebec , manitoba and nova scotia , .
balaji telefilms is an indian company which produces indian soap operas , reality tv , comedy , game shows , entertainment and factual programming in several indian languages . balaji telefilms is promoted by ekta kapoor and shobha kapoor and is a public company listed at bombay stock exchange and national stock exchange of india .
perigreen is a diversified green conglomerate headquartered in hyderabad with offices across various parts of india .
avibras indstria aeroespacial is a diversified brazilian company which designs , develops and manufactures defense products and services . its range of products encompasses artillery and aircraft defense systems , rockets and missiles such as air-to-ground and surface-to-surface weapon systems , including artillery rocket systems 70 mm air-to-ground systems and fiber optic multi-purpose guided missiles . it makes armoured vehicles as well .
the t. marzetti company is the specialty food group of the lancaster colony corporation . t. marzetti produces a long list of salad dressings , fruit and vegetable dips , frozen baked goods and specialty brand items . headquartered in columbus , ohio , the t. marzetti company was founded by teresa marzetti .
g is the seventh letter of the latin alphabet . g may also refer to : .
international media distribution is a united states media company that markets and distributes international television channels to cable and satellite operators in the us and canada . it also distributes multi-ethnic television programming to consumers via video on demand services . international media distribution is a wholly owned subsidiary of nbcuniversal , a division of comcast .
easyhotel is an international super budget hotel chain head quartered in london and listed on the alternative investment market of the london stock exchange.easyhotel owns , develops , operates and franchises hotels under the super budget easyhotel brand , marketing its hotels as offering clean , comfortable and safe hotel accommodation to its customers . the company was incorporated in 2004 and opened its first hotel in 2005 .
jsc vega radio engineering corporation is a russian company specializing in military radar and surveillance and c & c systems for ground-based , airborne and space systems like a-50 , almaz-1 and uavs . founded as ckb-17 on october 1 , 1944 by the decree of state defence committee of ussr.headquarters located in moscow on kutuzovskiy , 34 . currently , director general and general designer is v.s. verba .
p is the 16th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
vodafone portugal comunicaes pessoais , s.a. , a full subsidiary of the vodafone group , is the second mobile operator in portugal , both chronologically and in market share . its competitors are nos and meo .
regent seven seas cruises is a cruise line , formerly known as radisson seven seas cruises , headquartered in miami , florida . the company offers luxury cruises which visit over 300 ports worldwide . regent seven seas specializes in ships with small passenger capacity and many included amenities .
supermacs is an irish fast food restaurant chain first opened in 1978 . the first restaurant was located in ballinasloe town , county galway in the west of ireland . as of 2015 the chain consists of a total of 106 restaurants spread throughout ireland it operates a number of franchise outlets with many also privately owned . supermacs serves an average of 320,000 customers per week and had annual revenues of 79.9 million and a profit of 7.4 million according to its 2013 closing report .
gigaset ag , formerly known as siemens home and office communication devices is a multinational corporation based in munich , germany . the company is most active in the area of communications technology . gigaset manufactures dect telephones . it has around 1,250 employees and sales activities in approximately 70 countries . gigaset ag is listed on the prime standard of deutsche brse and its shares are traded on the frankfurt stock exchange under the symbol ggs .
nippon paint holdings co. , ltd. is a japanese paint and paint products manufacturing company . it is the seventh largest paint manufacturer globally based on revenue .
archon corporation is an entertainment company based in laughlin , nevada . the company has owned casinos and water parks . members of board of directors include state senator sue lowden who was chairwoman of the nevada republican party and state senator bill raggio . lowden is also executive vice president , secretary and treasurer for the company .
raven arms was a firearms manufacturer established in 1970 by firearms designer george jennings . the gun control act of 1968 prohibiting the importation of inexpensive handguns prompted jennings to design the mp-25 , a .25 - caliber semi-automatic pistol , and enter the firearms business . raven has been referred to as the original ring of fire company the ring of fire companies were those known for producing inexpensive saturday night special handguns .
lifx is a line of energy-efficient , multi-color , wi-fi enabled led light bulbs that can be controlled via a wi-fi equipped device such as a smartphone or smartwatch . the master light bulb connects to the router via 802.11 b/802 .11 g/802 .11 n and then to all the other lifx bulbs in the house via a low power ipv6 802.15.4 mesh network .
semitrex is an irvine , california-based fabless semiconductor company that designs chips for improved power management . the companys patented capacitive voltage reduction technology uses cascading capacitors to store power and convert voltages on chips , reducing the energy consumption of electronic devices . the company also has offices throughout the united states and in europe .
ulead systems is a taiwanese computer software company headquartered in neihu district in taipei , taiwan . it is a subsidiary of corel .
messier was a french automobile manufacturer , based at montrouge , on the southern edge of paris , from 1925 till 1931 .
netkey is a company that provides applications and management software for self-service kiosks and digital signage . the netkey software suite consists of packaged applications , an integrated development environment for the assembly of kiosk applications , and server software providing kiosk and digital signage remote monitoring , content management and scheduling , data and usage capture , and reporting .
vicarious is an artificial intelligence company based in the san francisco bay area , california . they are using the theorized computational principles of the brain to build software that can think and learn like a human .
china heilan group is short for heilan group co. , ltd . founded in 1988 and with total assets of rmb 50 billion , heilan group has more than 60000 employees in china . in 2016 , with total sales income of rmb 93.3 billion and taxes and profits reaching rmb 8 billion , the group continued to top the taxpayer list in wuxi .
ortho pharmaceutical was initially formed in the united states in 1931 as a subsidiary of johnson & johnson to market the first prescription spermicidal contraceptive jelly , ortho-gynol .
geoservices is an upstream oilfield services subsidiary of schlumberger limited . the company specializes in mud logging and slickline production .
the alamo drafthouse cinema is an american cinema chain founded in 1997 in austin , texas that is famous for its strict policy of requiring its audiences to maintain proper cinemagoing etiquette .
superior software ltd is a video game publisher . it was one of the main publishers for the bbc micro and acorn electron computers in the 1980s and early 1990s . it currently releases games for microsoft windows , ios and android mostly updates of its original games .
cabasse is a french audio manufacturer founded by georges cabasse in 1950 . it is mainly known for its home loudspeakers but has also produced professional audio speakers for studio recording or sound reinforcement in theatres and power amplifiers .
hamleys is the oldest and largest toy shop in the world and one of the worlds best-known retailers of toys . founded by william hamley as noahs ark in high holborn , london , in 1760 , it moved to its current site on regent street in 1881 . this flagship store is set over seven floors , with more than 50,000 lines of toys on sale . it is considered one of the citys prominent tourist attractions , receiving around five million visitors each year .
oceanwide expeditions is a dutch company specializing in expedition-style voyages to antarctica and the arctic . deploying its own fleet of ice-strengthened vessels , oceanwide emphasizes small-scale , flexible tours that provide passengers close contact with polar wildlife , landscapes , and historical sites . tours usually take place in regions only accessible by sea , with little to no infrastructure .
dok-ing d.o.o is a croatian company which manufactures electric vehicles , unmanned multi-purpose vehicles and robotic systems . established in 1992 .
seppic designs and supplies specialty chemical products for health and wellbeing . the company is based in france with distributors and production sites around the world . it has four main areas of business : personal care , pharmaceuticals and nutrition , vaccine adjuvants and injectables , and industrial specialties . seppic has been part of the air liquide group since 1986 .
warisan furniture is a manufacturer specialised in contract indoor/outdoor furniture for the hospitality & residential sector . headdquartered in bali , the company has been founded by 2 italian , the company is one of the worlds leading suppliers of high-end custom furniture and has since won numerous international recognition .
racetrac petroleum , inc. , is an american corporation that operates a chain of gasoline service stations across the southern united states . the firm is georgias third largest private company , with sales of $ 9.1 billion in 2013 .
embassy records was a uk budget record label that produced cover versions of current hit songs , which were sold exclusively in woolworths shops at a lower price than the original recordings . the original label was active between 1954 and 1965 , after which it disappeared when its parent company , oriole , was taken over by cbs records .
shorts brewing company is a brewpub and microbrewery in bellaire , michigan , united states . registered in 2002 , the company opened its pub in 2004 . in 2008 , a production facility in elk rapids , michigan was purchased and renovated to accommodate larger scale batches . july 2017 , shorts announced it sold 19.9 % of the company to lagunitas brewing company , who in turn is owned by brewing giant heineken international .
superior walls of america , ltd. is a company headquartered in new holland , pennsylvania , that specializes in the fabrication and installation of precast concrete foundation systems . it has installed more than 85,000 residential foundations through a nationwide distribution network since its founding in 1981 . inc. included the company in its 2007 list of the fastest growing private companies in america .
nepal bank limited is the first commercial bank of nepal . it was established in 1937 which marked the beginning of an era of formal banking in nepal .
alpo is an american brand of dog food marketed and manufactured by the nestl purina petcare subsidiary of nestl . the brand is offered as a canned or packaged soft food , as well as in dry kibbles .
champps americana is a casual dining restaurant chain and sports bar . there are 11 locations across the united states .
ap sound inc. is one of the united states largest commercial installers of audio and video equipment for musicians , recording studios , schools , stadiums , houses of worship , concert sound companies , and broadcasters . all pro sound also sells recording systems , keyboards , guitars , drums , microphones , mixers , loudspeakers , signal processors , and other equipment .
the research and development institute of ecology and the sustainable use of natural resources , llc , or research institute of ecology , the abbreviation is the rsi a company from tyumen specializes in development of innovation technologies in the field of environmental protection and nature conservation . one of the first residents of the business incubator within the west siberian innovation center .
buzz monkey software is a united states video game developer based in eugene , oregon . buzz monkey was formed in late 2001 by four former dynamix employees : senior producer randy thompson , senior engineers jon milnes and steve cordon , and lead artist barry drew . it was acquired by zynga in 2012 , becoming zynga eugene .
clicksoftware technologies is a privately held company , headquartered in burlington , massachusetts that offers automated mobile workforce management and service optimization solutions for enterprise and small businesses , both for mobile and in-house resources . they have over 650 employees in offices in north america , emea , and apac.clicksoftware coined the term service chain optimization in 1996 .
building a better legal profession is a national grassroots organization founded by students at stanford law school in january 2007 . the group collects and publicizes employment data at large private law firms as a way of encouraging workplace reform at these companies . by encouraging students to vote with their feet and select future employers based on quality-of-life criteria rather than the prestige of the firms , bblp creates market-based incentives for workplace reform .
hiya is a seattle-based company that provides caller profile information to help consumers identify incoming calls and block unwanted ones .
banque cantonale de genve is a cantonal bank of switzerland .
mophie is a california-based technology company that manufactures accessories for smartphones and other mobile devices . the companys main products are portable charging accessories , particularly phone cases with secondary batteries contained within . the company is listed as an inc. 5000 company , and it was rated in the top 100 consumer products & services companies in 2013 . in 2013 , mophie had $ 215.4 million in sales . mophie was acquired by zagg in 2017 in a deal worth at least $ 100 million .
invicta fighting championships , also known as invicta fc , is an american professional mixed martial arts promotion for female fighters based in the united states . it was founded in 2012 by janet martin a former vp with mma organization blackeye promotions and shannon knapp , who held positions at various levels , including executive positions with world fighting alliance , international fight league , affliction entertainment , ufc , and strikeforce .
precise software solutions is an israeli-american company that develops application performance management software products .
completelynovel is a british website which allows authors to self-publish their work into a reading and writing online community . based in the united kingdom , the company was founded in 2008 by oliver brooks and anna lewis , the site encourages writers to make their work available for people to read in order that they can gain feedback and promote their work .
jacada is a software and services company which provides unified desktop and process optimization products for customer service and support . the firm , founded by gideon hollander , was incorporated december 1990 in israel as a limited liability company . the firm has headquarters in atlanta , georgia , and offices in the americas , europe , middle east and nordic regions .
ninefold was a cloud computing company which provided infrastructure as a service . ninefold was headquartered in sydney , australia and was backed by macquarie telecom , an asx-listed australian b2b telecommunications company .
alimera sciences , inc. is a biopharmaceutical company based in alpharetta , georgia that specializes in the research , development and commercialization of prescription ophthalmic pharmaceuticals . their main focus is on diseases affecting the back of the eye , or retina .
zero tolerance entertainment is an american pornographic film studio . the studios third degree films and black ice are sister companies of zero tolerance . the studios films are generally classed as gonzo pornography .
touchstone television productions , llc , is the television production unit of abc entertainment group , part of disneyabc television group . abc studios was established as the touchstone television banner in 1985 and given its current name on may 28 , 2007 .
hagstrom map , based in maspeth , queens , was the best-selling brand of road maps in the new york city metropolitan area from the mid-20th to early 21st century . the new york times in 2002 described hagstroms five borough atlas as new york citys map of record for the previous 60 years . with the rise of gps navigation and other electronic maps in the early 2000s , the printed-map business shrank to a fraction of its former size , undergoing extensive consolidation .
penco was a brand of guitars manufactured circa 1974 to 1978 in the same factory in japan as the ibanez guitars and was distributed by the philadelphia music company .
socialcops is a big data analytics company located in new delhi , india . their platform enables organisations to collect primary data , access secondary data , layer internal data , transform and merge data , and visualize relevant insights through dashboards .
tcdd tamaclk a. . is a government-owned railway company responsible for the operations of most passenger and freight rail in turkey . the company was formed on 14 june 2016 , splitting off from the turkish state railways to take over railway operations , while tcdd would continue to administer railway infrastructure . tcdd tamaclk officially began operations on 1 january 2017 . tcdd .
tiscali s.p.a. is an italian telecommunications company , based in cagliari , sardinia , that provides internet and telecommunications services to its domestic market . it previously had operations in other european nations through its acquisition of many smaller european internet service providers in the late 1990s .
ukrsotsbank is a ukrainian bank . it was a subsidiary of alfa group via a luxembourg incorporated company holdings .
hill west architects is a new york city based architecture firm which works on the planning and design of high-rise residential and hospitality buildings , retail structures and multi-use complexes . they have participated in the design of prominent structures in the new york city metropolitan area . the firm was founded in 2009 by alan goldstein , l. stephen hill and david west .
cascio interstate music is one of the largest musical instrument retailers in the u.s. , with its headquarters and retail outlet in new berlin , wisconsin and its distribution center located in nearby waukesha , wisconsin . cascio interstate music owns and operates internet retail operations through the interstatemusic.com e-commerce domain .
barr was a french automobile manufacturer established by gaston barr at niort . some sources give the starting date for the business as 1900 , although barrs first automobile was presented in december 1899 at the paris motor show . production ended in 1930 .
clayton homes is the united states largest builder of manufactured housing and modular homes . clayton homes is a component company of warren buffetts berkshire hathaway . claytons corporate headquarters are in maryville , tennessee . its subsidiaries include vanderbilt mortgage , 21st mortgage , the nations largest manufactured home lender , and insurance company homefirst agency .
synovate was a leading global market research company with more than 100 offices in 62 countries . it was acquired by ipsos in 2011 which combined to be the 3rd largest in the world .
empresas polar is a venezuelan corporation , that started as a brewery founded in 1941 by lorenzo alejandro mendoza fleury , rafael lujan and karl eggers in antmano la planta de antimano , caracas . it is the largest and best known brewery in venezuela , but has since long diversified to an array of industries , mostly related to food processing and packaging , also covering markets abroad . as of 2016 it was notable for its vigor and public support during the economic crisis in venezuela .
neptune computer inc. , commonly known simply as neptune , is a canadian privately held consumer electronics and wearable technology company founded in 2013 by simon tian in montreal , canada , and currently based in toronto and san francisco . as of late 2017 , the company has raised around $ 6 million from private investors as well as a total of more than $ 2 million from crowdfunding sources alone .
milan direct was an australian-based furniture company that is now sold as a private label under the temple & webster brand . the company was founded in 2006 and operates primarily through an online marketplace . milan direct was bought by online retailer temple & webster in 2015 for $ 20 million , and is traded under tpw on the asx .
bonnier ab is a privately held swedish media group of 175 companies operating in 15 countries . it is controlled by the bonnier family .
misfit is an american consumer electronics company founded in 14 october 2011 by sonny vu , sridhar iyengar and john sculley , owned by fossil group . it specializes in wearable technology that utilizes sensors and home automation products . misfits wearable activity trackers are unique in design , and count sleep , calories , and basic steps that can be synced to a mobile app on a compatible smartphone .
quinstreet , inc. is a publicly traded marketing company based in foster city , california . quinstreet uses performance-based advertising with search engine marketing strategies to promote clients over the internet . quinstreet was founded in 1999 , and has launched or acquired dozens of websites and other media properties . the company was investigated in 2012 by 20 u.s. states for using deceptive marketing tactics to promote for profit schools to u.s. veterans .
cubecity entertainment , inc. is an independent film and theatre production company , based in new york city .
the national dairy development board is an institution of national importance set up by an act of parliament of india . the main office is in anand , gujarat with regional offices throughout the country . nddbs subsidiaries include idmc limited-anand , mother dairy , delhi , nddb dairy services , delhi and indian immunologicals ltd , hyderabad85 .
clipper navigation , inc. , is a subsidiary of frde reederei seetouristik based in seattle , washington , that provides multiple transportation and vacation packagesmany of which are offered under the name clipper vacationsincluding hotel and tour packages in victoria , seattle , vancouver , friday harbor , portland , whistler , british columbia , the canadian rockies and kelowna .
price rite is a chain of limited-assortment supermarkets found in connecticut , maryland , massachusetts , new hampshire , new jersey , new york , pennsylvania , rhode island , and virginia . based in keasbey , new jersey , price rite is owned by new jersey-based wakefern food corporation , the cooperative behind shoprite supermarkets , dearborn market , and the fresh grocer . prior to 2014 , wakefern owned and operated all price rite stores .
first horizon national corporation is a bank holding company based in memphis , tennessee . its banking subsidiary , first tennessee , is the largest bank in tennessee and the 4th largest regional banking company in the southeast . it is the 14th united states bank on the list of oldest banks in continuous operation . the company provides financial services including banking , wealth management , insurance , and trading services .
reno air was a scheduled passenger airline headquartered in reno , nevada , united states . reno air provided service from its hubs at reno/tahoe international airport in reno , nevada , san jose international airport in san jose , california and las vegas international airport in las vegas , nevada to destinations throughout the western united states , including alaska .
pjsc svetlana is a company based in saint petersburg , russia . it is primarily involved in the research , design , and manufacturing of electronic and microelectronic instruments . svetlana is part of ruselectronics . the name of the company is said to originate from the words for light of an electric lamp .
intrade.com was a web-based trading exchange whose members traded contracts between each other on the probabilities of various events occurring . after having been forced to exclude us traders in 2012 , on 10 march 2013 intrade suspended all trading , citing possible financial irregularities .
satcon technology corporation is an energy and power company originally based in cambridge , and later boston , massachusetts . its markets include the utility , hybrid vehicle , ship building , industrial automation , semiconductor processing , and defense sectors . satcon filed for bankruptcy protection under chapter 11 of the united states bankruptcy code on october 17 , 2012 and it announced to change to liquidate under chapter 7 on february 7 , 2013 .
centronics data computer corporation was an american manufacturer of computer printers , now remembered primarily for the parallel interface that bears its name , the centronics connector .
yahoo hotjobs , formerly known as hotjobs.com , was an online job search engine . hotjobs . com provided tools and advice for job seekers , employers , and staffing firms . it was acquired by yahoo in 2002 , then acquired by monster worldwide , owner of its major competitor monster.com in 2010leading to its merger with monster . com and eventual closure .
air jamaica was the national airline of jamaica . it was owned and operated by caribbean airlines from may 2011 until the cessation of operations in 2015 . caribbean airlines limited , headquartered in piarco , trinidad and tobago , had administrative offices for air jamaica located at norman manley international airport in kingston , jamaica . the jamaican government was formerly the owner of air jamaica .
arzest is a japanese video game development company that develops games for video game consoles . it was formed on june 25 , 2010 by key members of artoon , which was also founded by arzest executive vice president naoto ohshima , best known as the character designer of sonic the hedgehog , as well as his nemesis dr. eggman . arzest was also founded by key artoon and sega members who worked on the panzer dragoon series .
the advance motor manufacturing company was a british motorcycle and engine manufacturer established in 1905 . as well as supplying aircraft engines to the pioneering monoplane developers , advance engines were also used by captain robert scott to power antarctic snow sleds . after the end of the second world war the company was sold to sheepbridge engineering and became a motor supplies organisation .
the navajo mine railroad is an electrified private railroad operated by bhp billiton in new mexico , usa , within the navajo nation . it operates 13.8 miles of track between the four corners generating station and bhp billitons navajo coal mine . the railroad does not have any connection to the national rail network .
burlington northern santa fe , llc is the parent company of the bnsf railway . the company is an indirect , wholly owned subsidiary of berkshire hathaway , which is controlled by investor warren buffett .
culture brain inc. is a japanese video game developer and publisher founded on october 5 , 1980 . in 2016 , it was renamed culture brain excel .
songzio is a privately held high-end contemporary fashion house founded by zio song . founded in 1993 , the house is based in paris , france and seoul , south korea with 3 subsidiaries : songzio , ziosongzio , ziosongzio on air . the brand specialises in high-end menswear , contemporary ready to wear , and accessories for men and women . the company is privately owned and operated by the brands founder and creative director , zio song , a leading figure in korean fashion industry .
limbic entertainment is a german game development company founded in 2002 and based in langen .
buyautoparts.com is an auto parts retailer based in san diego , california . the company sells automotive repair and performance parts through its ecommerce website and over the phone . in 2012 they had sales of 32 million . their ceo is matt glauber and all of their 118 employees are based in the united states .
hkn , inc. , formerly harken energy corporation , is a petroleum and natural gas exploration and production company headquartered in southlake , texas . it is notable for the harken energy scandal , which involved allegations of insider trading by george w. bush in 1990 .
standardaero is a maintenance , repair and overhaul provider based in scottsdale , az . the company is not related to standard aircraft corporation , which was formed in 1916 and ceased operations in 1931 as new standard aircraft company .
polin waterparks is a turkish manufacturer of water slides and water parks . they are known for their design , engineering , manufacturing , and installation of waterslides , water play attractions and water parks . the company was founded in stanbul , turkey in 1976 .
hades publications is a publishing company owned by brian hades that focuses on science fiction and fantasy literature . the company publishes under four different imprints and is currently the largest dedicated canadian publisher of science fiction and fantasy .
bw gas , previously known as bergesen worldwide gas , is the worlds largest gas shipping company and is part of the bergesen worldwide group . the company has 98 gas carriers with a total of 4,688,531 tonnes deadweight transporting liquefied natural gas and liquefied petroleum gases . the company has its headquarters in oslo , norway and is listed on oslo stock exchange .
stanley is a brand of food and beverage containers invented by william stanley jr.
red planet hotels , founded in 2010 , is a privately owned regional hotel company focused on asias expanding value hotel sector . the company owns and operates 29 hotels in indonesia , japan , the philippines , and thailand with a total of 4,660 rooms .
humble is a commercial production company with offices in new york and los angeles . humble and its sister post-production company postal , specialize in the integration of live action production , design , edit , animation , and visual effects for advertising and original creative content .
zemingo group operates in the field of internet of things , providing design , development and analytics services for enterprises that wish to turn their physical products into connected devices . zemingo group is the largest mobile service house in israel , based in herzliya with offices in new york city .
zylab is a developer of software for e-discovery , information risk management , email management , records , contract , and document management , knowledge management , and workflow . the company is headquartered in mclean , virginia and in amsterdam , netherlands . zylabs most important products are zylab ediscovery & production system , the zylab information management platform and bundles that build systems for deployments .
the dairy industry association of australia is a not-for-profit industry association for dairy product manufacturers and allied trades . the diaa was incorporated on 24 march 1986 , following the amalgamation of the australian dairy institute and the australian society of dairy technology . the diaa is a member of the global dairy platform .
american solar direct was a california-based , full-service provider of residential solar power systems .
atomic is an austrian company that manufactures and sells skis and other skiing equipment , such as ski boots , bindings , helmets , ski poles , goggles and protective equipment . some of the latter product lines are marketed under different brand names .
coveris is an industrial company head quartered in chicago and owned by sun capital partners , a private investment firm . coveris advanced coatings has four facilities located in north wales , uk , north carolina , usa , west springfield , usa and guangzhou , china . coveris advanced coatings specializes in the development , manufacture and distribution of precision-coated papers , films and specialty substrates for imaging , electronics , medical and optical technologies .
st james holdings limited is a company set up by tycoon mike ashley , specifically to acquire shares of newcastle united football club . the company name is a reference to st james park , the stadium of newcastle united .
edo aircraft corporation was an american aircraft manufacturing company known primarily for manufacturing pontoons for floatplanes .
the entertainer ltd. is the uks largest independent toy retailer , which operates 144 stores . the company was founded by the husband and wife team catherine and gary grant in 1981 , when he purchased a local toy shop in amersham , buckinghamshire , england .
marinscope community newspapers is a chain of six weekly newspapers in marin county , california .
the manchester carriage and tramways company was incorporated in 1880 , the result of a merger of the manchester suburban tramways company and the manchester carriage company , to provide horse-drawn tram services throughout manchester and salford , england , and surrounding districts .
american family publishers was an american company that sold magazine subscriptions . since its founding in 1977 , american family publishers has been one of americas leading marketers of magazine subscriptions . afp is jointly owned by taf holdings , inc. and a group of private investors . it is best known for running sweepstakes in which a large amount of money was offered as the grand prize .
greenqloud is a cloud computing software company with headquarters in reykjavik , iceland and office in seattle , washington , offering cloud computing software and services . greenqloud develops and sells the cloud and infrastructure management software qstack for the global market .
en masse entertainment , inc. is an american video game publisher and a subsidiary of south korean video game developer bluehole . founded in june 2008 , the company is based in seattle , washington and is best-known for publishing massively multiplayer online role-playing game tera , which was developed by parent company bluehole .
the haynes owners workshop manuals are a series of practical manuals from the british publisher haynes publishing group .
foodora gmbh is a berlin-based online food delivery company which offers meals from over 9,000 selected restaurants in 10 countries worldwide . using the foodora app , website or the corporate platform , customers can browse local restaurants , place an order , and track it as its prepared and delivered by a bike courier or delivery driver .
buckeye broadband is a cable and telecommunications provider located in toledo , ohio , united states , that is owned by block communications .
meghna group is one of the largest bangladeshi conglomerates . the industries under this conglomerate include automobile , light engineering , cement , packaging , textile etc. meghna group was established by bangladeshi entrepreneur abdul khaleque buiyan . it is bangladeshs largest bicycle manufacturer and said to be sold in bangladesh , as well as in countries like germany , uk and other parts of europe .
novozymes a/s is a global biotechnology company headquartered in bagsvrd outside of copenhagen , denmark employing exactly 6,485 people by the end of 2015 . the company has operations in a number of countries around the world , including china , india , brazil , argentina , united kingdom , the united states , and canada . class b shares of its stock are listed on the nasdaq omx nordic exchange .
trendrr is a new york-based digital and social media business intelligence platform that was acquired by twitter in 2013 . a virtual scratch pad enables users to compare data sets and create mashups . graphs can be shared with links or embed codes , or exported in xml , json , or excel .
topflight corporation is a manufacturer of printed labels and die-cut components . topflight is iso 9001:2008 and iso 13485:2003 certified and is one of the oldest privately owned label companies . topflight creates products for varying industries : medical devices , pharmaceutical , consumer & durable goods , cosmetic & personal care , electronics , tire and automotive . based on annual sales of printed and converted labels , topflight is ranked number 21 on the top tag and label converters list .
lanvin is a french multinational high fashion house , which was founded by jeanne lanvin in 1889 . it is the oldest french fashion house still in operation . in 1990 , the house was taken over by the orcofi group then sold to loral in 1996 . in 2001 , shaw-lan wang , a taiwanese media magnate took lanvin private again .
dasient was an internet security company headquartered in sunnyvale , california . it was founded in 2008 and launched its first product in june 2009 . dasient was acquired by twitter in january 2012 .
eutechnyx limited limited , until 1997 -RRB- is a british video game developer based in newcastle upon tyne , england . since 1997 , the company has focused on racing games . they are known for their largely-panned video game , ride to hell : retribution , work with the nascar the game franchise , and as a developer on various other racing titles and games .
iona technologies was an irish software company . it was founded in 1991 . the company began life as a campus company in trinity college , dublin and maintained headquarters in dublin , boston and tokyo . the company specialized in distributed service-oriented architecture technology . iona products connect systems and applications by creating a network of services without requiring a centralized server or creating an information technology project .
ariens company is a brillion , wisconsin-based equipment company which has a long history manufacturing snow blowers , lawn tractors , and zero-turn lawn mowers for commercial and high-end consumer markets . ariens touts itself as being the mower of the white house lawn , official snow blower of lambeau field , and the king of snow . ariens company has branched into many product development projects over the course of its history .
coffee stain studios ab is a video game developer and publisher based in skvde , sweden .
gamefly is an american online video game rental subscription service that specializes in providing games for game consoles and handheld game consoles such as : gamecube , xbox , playstation 2 , playstation 3 , wii , xbox 360 , playstation 4 , wii u , xbox one , game boy advance , ds , 3ds , psp , playstation vita , and nintendo switch . the business model of gamefly is similar to the dvd-by-mail subscription service netflix and blockbuster online .
brookfield asset management inc. is a global alternative asset manager with approximately $ 250 billion of assets under management , focusing on private equity , property , renewable energy , and infrastructure . the companys headquarters are located in toronto , and it also has corporate offices in new york city , london , rio de janeiro and sydney .
the comit europen de lindustrie de la robinetterie , mostly known as the ceir or the european association for the taps and valves industry , is the european trade association for the taps and valves industry .
the nobel oil group is a corporate group operating primarily in the republic of azerbaijan , usa , uk as well as in romania . registered in the uk , the group provides integrated operating services within the oil and gas sector and is also developing its exploration and production capabilities .
allegheny airlines was a u.s. airline that operated out of pittsburgh , pennsylvania , united states , from 1952 to 1979 . it was a forerunner of us airways , now merged into american airlines . its headquarters were at washington national airport in arlington county , virginia .
cogeco inc. is a canadian telecommunications and media company headquartered in montreal , quebec , which serves residential and commercial customers through various subsidiaries . the company provides cable television , telephone and internet connectivity services to consumers in parts of ontario , quebec , and several regions of the united states .
cavalia inc. is an entertainment company that specializes in the creation , production and touring of artistic equestrian and acrobatic techniques such as trick riding , vaulting , haute cole , pas de deux , and bridleless displays . so far , cavalia has produced two shows : cavalia : a magical encounter between human and horse , and , more recently , odysseo .
cos , based in boston , massachusetts , is a fast-casual restaurant chain that is known for its homemade flatbread . the name comes from the opera cos fan tutte , which was a favorite of the original owner .
alliant energy corporation is a public utility holding company that incorporated in madison , wisconsin in 1981 . it consists of four subsidiaries : interstate power and light company is a public utility that generates and distributes electricity and distributes and transports natural gas in iowa . wisconsin power and light company provides similar services as ipl in southern and central wisconsin .
the royal small arms factory was a uk government-owned rifle factory in the london borough of enfield in an area generally known as the lea valley . the factory produced british military rifles , muskets and swords from 1816 . it closed in 1988 , but some of its work was transferred to other sites .
cathay united bank is one of the largest commercial banks in taiwan , with a capital value of tw $ 67 billion and more than 165 branches located throughout taiwan . this company belonged to cathay financial holding .
beagle bros was an american software company that specialized in creating personal computing products . their primary focus was on the apple ii family of computers . although they ceased business in 1991 , owner mark simonsen permitted the beagle bros name and logo to be included on the 30th anniversary reboot of i. o. silver , released on december 12 , 2014 by former beagle programmer randy brandt .
quantum corporation is a manufacturer of data storage devices and systems , including tape drive and disk-based systems . the companys headquarters is in san jose , california . from its founding in 1980 until 2001 , it was also a major disk storage manufacturer , and was based in milpitas , california . quantum sold its hard disk drive business to maxtor in 2001 and now focuses on integrated storage systems .
vse corporation is a diversified technical services company formed in 1959 . vse employs over 2,700 people . its 2008 and 2009 annual revenues surpassed $ 1 billion 2007 revenues were reported at $ 653 million .
jarvis plc was a british company that provided support services to the british railway industry . it also ran rail freight operations . the company went into administration at the end of march 2010 .
pedlar people limited was a sheet metal stamping operation started in 1861 in oshawa , ontario by blacksmith henry pedlar in the back of his hardware store . the operation was expanded by his son , george h. pedlar , to become the largest sheet metal factory in the british empire . the business was in operation until forced into receivership in 1982 . pedlar people , together with several other small manufacturing operations enabled oshawa to be considered the manchester of canada .
carls jr. canada is the canadian expansion of the carls jr. brand , currently operating in western canada with locations in british columbia , alberta and saskatchewan . the company exited the ontario market in early 2016 .
quality markets was an american supermarket chain , with stores in western new york and northwestern pennsylvania . it was a subsidiary of penn traffic , but is now a division of tops markets llc .
kbs n is a south korean company owned by the korean broadcasting system , producing media , broadcast and telecommunication products for non free-to-air networks used under permission registered due to kbs in 1996 , including skylife and cable tv service providers .
bloch is a manufacturer of pointe shoes and other types of dance shoes , dance costumes , and dance fashion accessories .
metrolyrics is a lyrics-dedicated website , founded in december 2002 . the metrolyrics database contains over 1 million songs performed by over 16,000 artists .
the management college of southern africa is a distance education institution located in durban , south africa . it is a private higher education institution , established in 1995 as a post-apartheid empowerment institution , offering affordable and accessible management education primarily to persons previously denied access to postgraduate education .
blue panorama airlines s.p.a. is an italian airline headquartered in fiumicino operating scheduled and charter flights from italy - especially rome-fiumicino and milan-malpensa - to various international destinations . blu-express is the brand name for low-cost short and medium range flights operated by blue panorama . additional business charter flights are operated under the name executive blue .
b. hick and sons , subsequently hick , hargreaves & co , was a british engineering company based at the soho ironworks in bolton , england . benjamin hick , a partner in rothwell , hick and rothwell , later rothwell , hick & co. , set up the company in partnership with two of his sons , john and benjamin in 1833 . benjamin jr left the company after a year for a partnership in a liverpool company , possibly george forrester & co.
drgerwerk ag is a german company based in lbeck which makes breathing and protection equipment , gas detection and analysis systems , and noninvasive patient monitoring technologies . customers include hospitals , fire departments and diving companies .
tag group s.a. is a private holding company based in luxembourg city , luxembourg . tag group s.a. generates revenue through its various subsidiaries that offer products and services in the business aviation , motorsports , hospitality , consumer products and real estate industries . tag is an acronym of techniques davant garde .
munich re group or munich reinsurance company is a reinsurance company based in munich , germany . it is one of the worlds leading reinsurers . ergo , a munich re subsidiary , is the groups primary insurance arm . munich res shares are listed on all german stock exchanges and on the xetra electronic trading system . munich re is included in the dax index at the frankfurt stock exchange , the euro stoxx 50 , and other indices .
nec corporation of america is the principal subsidiary of the multinational it company nec in the united states . nec corporation of america was formed on 1 july 2006 , from the combined operations of nec america , nec solutions america and nec usa .
benchmark is an american venture capital firm responsible for the early stage funding of numerous successful startups including dropbox , twitter , uber , snapchat , instagram , and discordin 1997 , the firm invested $ 6.7 million in ebay , which made it worth more than $ 5 billion by the spring of 1999 . other high-profile investments include cyanogenmod , domo , new relic , nextdoor , stitch fix , wework , yelp , zendesk , zillow and zipcar .
rave -LSB- publications -RSB- is a digital news organization that covers the audiovisual industry both commercial and residential . rave , originally kayye consulting inc. , was founded in 1998 by gary kayye . the company produces e-newsletters , blogs and video to provide opinionated news and commentary on the av industry . rave is tailored to av insiders as opposed to end-users of the products and/or services .
aeritalia was an aerospace engineering corporation based in italy , formed by the merger of fiat aviazione and aerfer in 1969 . alenia aeronautica was created in 1990 by concentrating the finmeccanica aerospace and defense industries aeritalia and selenia . in 1990 , aeritalia and selenia were merged by parent company finmeccanica as alenia aeronautica .
paradox development studio is a swedish video game developer founded in 1995 . it is closely associated with its parent company and video game publisher , paradox interactive . it is best known for its grand strategy game series europa universalis , hearts of iron , crusader kings , victoria and stellaris .
nbt bank , n.a. is a financial institution that operates through a network of more than 150 banking locations , including offices in new york , pennsylvania , vermont , massachusetts , new hampshire and maine . nbt bank and its parent company , nbt bancorp inc. , are headquartered in norwich , new york , united states . nbt bancorp is traded on the nasdaq global select market under the symbol nbtb .
the princes charities , the princes charities canada , and the princes trust australia are three groups of non-profit organisations that each have associations with prince charles , prince of wales .
action button entertainment is a video game development studio consisting of tim rogers , brent porter , michael kerwin , and nicholas wasilewski that has produced five games : ziggurat , tnns , ten by eight , tuffy the corgi , and videoball . the group convened in 2010 as rogers worked on ziggurat based on an idea he had while playing angry birds that he could not complete on his own .
pedelta is an independent multinational consultant firm headquartered in barcelona , spain which provides worldwide bridge and structural engineering services . the company is present in canada , colombia , panama , spain and the usa .
clifford joseph price , mbe , better known by his stage name goldie , is an english musician , dj , visual artist and actor from walsall . initially gaining exposure for his work as a graffiti artist , goldie became well known for his pioneering role in the 1990s uk rave scene as a producer , including his work in musical styles such as jungle and breakbeat hardcore . he released a variety of singles under the pseudonym rufige kru and co-founded the label metalheadz .
unilog content solutions is a global technology company specializing in e-commerce and product data management in the b2b marketplace . their flagship product is cimm2 , a software platform designed to facilitate commerce and communication between businesses . the company is headquartered in bangalore , india with north american headquarters near philadelphia , pennsylvania . in 2015 , unilog was named one of the 50 fastest growing tech companies by the silicon review .
captiveaire systems is the largest privately held manufacturer of commercial kitchen ventilation systems in the u.s. the company , founded by robert l. luddy in 1976 , is headquartered in raleigh , north carolina . since its inception , the company has expanded from fire suppression to a wide array of products including exhaust , pollution control , fire suppression and prevention , and utility distribution .
repaircare is a british company that specialises in repairs for brown and white goods . the company is based in the west midlands and has a network of tradesmen that provide a repair service throughout england , scotland and wales .
all american foods , inc. is a food ingredient manufacturer , headquartered in mankato , minnesota . aafi operates four manufacturing facilities in southern minnesota that produce over 100 dairy and non-dairy food ingredients for human consumption . aafi produces ingredients for bakery , confectionery , soups and sauce , and flavor applications . all american foods also provides custom toll processing and packaging of food ingredients .
american pad & paper llc , or ampad , is a manufacturer of office products , including writing pads , specialty papers , filing products and envelopes . some products are marketed under the ampad brand name , others are produced for brands including staples and wal-mart . the company makes over 2500 products , including pads in a variety of sizes , paper grades , colors , and bindings . its headquarters are located in richardson , texas , united states .
antlos is an online platform that connects tourists and travelers with skippers who own and operate private marine vessels . using antlos , tourists can find boat captains who will provide access to their vessel while also sailing the ship to an agreed upon destination or destinations . some skippers offer all-inclusive trips with amenities like lodging and food .
blanchet is an historic watch brand stated in switzerland in 1819 by jean blanchet . the current owner of blanchet is the d group , that in 2010 relaunched the brand .
nventa biopharmaceuticals corporation was a canadian incorporated biopharmaceutical company headquartered in san diego , california developing therapeutics for the treatment of viral infections and cancer , focusing on diseases caused by human papillomavirus . nventa is currently the only company applying heat shock protein technology to target the over 20 million americans already infected with hpv .
oberoi realty is a real estate developer based in mumbai , maharashtra . it is led by mr. vikas oberoi , cmd . the company has developed over 39 projects at locations across mumbai . its main interest is in residential , office space , retail , hospitality and social infrastructure properties in mumbai . three sixty west , the second tallest tower in india , is developed by oberoi realty .
amnesty international australia is a section of the amnesty international network , and is part of the global movement promoting and defending human rights and dignity . amnesty international australia searches out facts about human rights abuses and raises awareness of these abuses in australia , the asia-pacific and around the world . the organisation undertakes advocacy and mobilises people to put pressure on governments and others to end rights violations .
cerner corporation is an american supplier of health information technology solutions , services , devices and hardware . as of february 2018 its products were in use at more than 27,000 facilities around the world and the company had about 26,000 employees globally .
national express coventry is a bus operator providing services in coventry . it is a subsidiary of national express .
goodbaby international holdings limited is headquartered in hong kong and is a durable juvenile products company that is listed on the main board of the hong kong stock exchange . principally it engages in the manufacturing , designing , research and development , marketing and sale of many child stroller , child seat , and other child products worldwide . it operates brands such as goodbaby , gb , cybex , evenflo , cbx , rollplay , happy dino , urbini , and other branded kids-childrens products .
the co-operative college is a british educational charity dedicated to the promotion of co-operative values , ideas and principles within co-operatives , communities and society .
brunswick news inc. is a canadian newspaper publishing company based in saint john . it is privately owned by james k. irving .
the international lease finance corporation was an aircraft lessor headquartered in the constellation place in century city , los angeles , california . it was the worlds largest aircraft lessor by value , though ilfcs rival , general electrics gecas unit , had more aircraft . it leased boeing and airbus aircraft to major airlines worldwide .
scott sports sa is a swiss producer of bicycles , winter equipment , motorsports gear and sportswear . companys main office is in givisiez , switzerland . branches are located around europe and in usa , south africa and india .
hong leong financial group berhad is a conglomerate based in malaysia . founded as a trading company in 1963 by quek leng chan , the company controls 14 listed companies involved in the financial services , manufacturing , distribution , property and infrastructure development . the groups shares are listed on stock exchanges of malaysia , singapore , hong kong , manila and europe .
aviapartner , whose origins date back to 1949 under the name of herfurth air services to become belgavia in the late 1960s , is a belgian company that provides aircraft ground handling services at 37 airports in belgium , france , germany , italy , spain and the netherlands . among the airports served are amsterdam , brussels , milan , dusseldorf , rome , nice , toulouse and malaga .
london bridge studio is a seattle recording studio that has hosted and recorded many influential artists , producers and engineers since 1985 . founded by brothers rick parashar and raj parashar and now currently owned by producers geoff ott , jonathan plum , and eric lilavois . the space was designed by notable studio designer geoff turner and features 5,000 square feet of tall ceilings , hardwood floors , brick walls and live acoustics .
barricade books is an independent publishing company specializing in non-fiction titles and featuring biography , memoir , including holocaust memoirs , and true crime and mafia titles .
inspur , formerly langchao , is a chinese multinational information technology company headquartered in jinan , shandong , china . the companys most important product is server hardware , but it also acts as a software developer and an outsourcing recipient for both the united states of america and japan . inspur group has three publicly listed subsidiaries : inspur information , inspur software and inspur international .
km media group aka km group , formally known as kent messenger group , is a multimedia company in the county of kent . operating local newspapers , radio stations and websites throughout the county . iliffe media ltd acquired km media group in april 2017 .
pa server monitor is a server monitoring and network monitoring software application , developed by power admin llc.the main function of the software is to monitor performance of servers and network devices in windows and linux environments . data is kept on customers servers , not stored in the cloud . an agentless monitoring software to watch ping , cpu , memory , disk , snmp + traps , events , with available historical reports . apps are available for ios and android .
sistema is a large russian conglomerate company , headed by vladimir yevtushenkov . in march 2006 , yevtushenkov controlled 62 % of the shares in sistema . sistema has its headquarters in moscow . the companys global depository receipts are traded on the london stock exchange .
anx international is a hong kong-based financial technology company that provides solutions based on blockchain technology . the company serves over 3 million users in more than 50 countries and has processed over 100 million transactions since its establishment . in 2016 , anx launched anx blockchain services , which is a cloud platform for customers to generate digital assets , digital wallets , and branded exchange platforms .
bartle bogle hegarty is a global advertising agency . founded in 1982 by british ad men john bartle , nigel bogle , and john hegarty , bbh has offices in london , new york , singapore , shanghai , mumbai , stockholm and los angeles and employs more than 1000 staff worldwide .
the wiz , also known at times as nobody beats the wiz , was a chain of electronic stores in the northeastern united states , located primarily in new york , pennsylvania and new jersey . some locations were in canada as well .
cold steel is an american manufacturer and seller of knives , swords and other edged weapons and tools based in ventura , california . cold steel products are manufactured worldwide , including in the united states , japan , china , taiwan , india , and south africa .
acme brick company is an american manufacturer and distributor of brick and masonry-related construction products and materials . founder george e. bennett , chartered the company as the acme pressed brick company on april 17 , 1891 , in alton , illinois , although the companys physical location has always been in texas .
the linden centre -LRB- -RRB- is a boutique hotel and center for cultural exchange located in xizhou , yunnan in southwest china . the original location is in a renovated bai style courtyard home , one of xizhous heritage sites protected at the national level . the site itself was first constructed in 1948 and has changed hands several times until brian and jeanee linden began renovations in 2007 .
the rwanda stock exchange limited was incorporated on 7 october 2005 with the objective of carrying out stock market operations . the stock exchange was demutualized from the start as it was registered as a company limited by shares . the company was officially launched on 31 january 2011 .
telecommunications services of trinidad and tobago limited is a large telephone and internet service provider in trinidad and tobago . the company , which is jointly owned by the government of trinidad and tobago and cable & wireless , was formed out of a merger of telco and textel .
vanilla air inc. is a low-cost airline in japan wholly owned by all nippon airways . its head office is within terminal 2 of narita international airport in narita , chiba prefecture .
permasteelisa s.p.a. is an italian leading company in engineering , project management , manufacturing and installation of architectural envelopes and interior systems . in 2011 permasteelisa group joined the lixil corporation .
laserglow technologies is an optoelectronics company headquartered in toronto , ontario , canada , specializing in the sale of lasers , particularly dpss and collimated diode lasers . the company markets laser systems and components , laser alignment products , optics , and laser accessories , which are used in industry , education and scientific research .
international display works , inc. manufactures and designs liquid crystal display lcd products internationally though its factories in the peoples republic of china . its products are found in the telecommunications , automotive , medical , computing , home appliance , and consumer electronics industries .
banca regionale europea was an italian bank based in cuneo , piedmont . the bank was a merger of cassa di risparmio di cuneo and banca del monte di lombardia in 1995 .
equinox fitness is an american luxury fitness company which operates several separate fitness brands : equinox , pure yoga , blink fitness , and soulcycle . within equinoxs portfolio of brands , there are more than 135 locations within every major city across the united states in addition to london , toronto , and vancouver . its national headquarters is in new york city .
papaveria press is an independent british publishing house based in wakefield , west yorkshire . it specializes in special , limited handbound editions and paperbacks in the fields of fairy tale , myth and poetry .
norcem as is a norwegian manufacturer of cement , and subsidiary of heidelbergcement . it has plants in brevik and kjpsvik .
euphonix was a professional audio company located in mountain view , california , united states . euphonix produced the first successful line of large digitally controlled analog audio mixing consoles in the late 1980s and has since moved on to all-digital systems . in 2010 , it was acquired by avid .
taskworld is a cloud-based collaboration platform created by fred mouawad . the saas is designed to facilitate project and task management , collaboration , delegation , communication , knowledge management , measure progress and provide performance metrics for evidence-based evaluations within teams . it allows team members to assign and receive tasks , add followers , record comments , share and store unlimited files and organize projects .
banco popular espaol , s.a. was the sixth largest banking group in spain before it was bought by banco santander as part of a rescue package in june 2017 .
systra is an international engineering and consulting group specializing in rail and public transport . the equity of this limited company belongs to ratp , sncf and french banks . it employees a staff of approximately 5,400 . systra is present in 78 countries worldwide .
astell may refer to : betty astellmary astellwilliam astell .
grapplers quest is an organization mainly concerned with the promotion of grappling and brazilian jiu-jitsu tournaments . founded in 1998 by brian cimins , grapplers quest hosts competitions of various division , age , and weight classes . grapplers quest has been host to many high-level competitors in mixed martial arts , such as matt hughes , frankie edgar , ben henderson , kenny florian , diego sanchez , joe stevenson , bj penn , and brandon vera .
groupe tva , inc. is a canadian communications company with operations in broadcasting , publishing and production . quebecor media holds voting control of the company through near-complete control of groupe tvas class a shares only the non-voting class b shares are currently publicly traded .
emec editores is an argentine publishing house , a subsidiary of grupo planeta . its catalogue contains books on history , politics , economics , art , religion , anthropology , biography , memoirs , childrens literature , humor , cooking , popular science , self-help and popular psychology , and the complete works of various authors .
verizon south , inc. is a verizon operating company providing local telephone services to portions of virginia and north carolina in the united states .
woodside valley estate is a premium australian wine business originally focused on a vineyard near yallingup , in the margaret river wine region of western australia . since 2012 , the business and the vineyard have been separately owned .
tom n toms coffee is a coffeehouse chain based in south korea . it first opened in the apgujeong-dong district of seoul and now has over 410 retail stores in the country .
the lehigh structural steel company is a former steel manufacturing company , located in allentown , pennsylvania . the company was sold in 1992 to thomas & betts corporation and its facilities were closed .
bluesmart inc. was a global travel technology company that develops and produces internet of things travel products . the brand launched a carry-on suitcase , the bluesmart one , on the crowdfunding website indiegogo in 2014 . the campaign raised $ 2.2 million usd in contributions and became the highest crowdfunding project ever for a travel product at that time .
equaterra was acquired by kpmg effective february 18 , 2011 . as a member of kpmgs network of member firms , equaterra continues to provide global sourcing advisory services in information technology , finance and accounting , human resources , supply chain management and other business processes .
flitways is travel company based in los angeles . it produces both a mobile app and enterprise platform , which can be used to order or plan ground transportation .
telus international europe is a european provider of multilingual contact centre and business process outsourcing solutions and a member of telus international . telus international is a global business process outsourcing company with about 25 000 employees around the world , including in canada , the united states , europe , latin america , the philippines , and the united kingdom .
cisco meraki is a cloud managed it company headquartered in san francisco , california . their solutions include wireless , switching , security , emm , communications , and security cameras , all centrally managed from the web . meraki was acquired by cisco systems in december 2012 . the name meraki is a greek word -LRB- -RRB- which means doing something with soul , creativity , or love .
pt . kimia farma tbk is a state-owned enterprise that is producing and distributing pharmacy . pt kimia farma tbk is rooted in jakarta , indonesia .
maxwell technologies is an american developer and manufacturer headquartered in san diego , california . the company focuses on developing and manufacturing energy storage and power delivery solution-related products for automotive , heavy transportation , renewable energy , backup power , wireless communications and industrial and consumer electronics applications .
dmg entertainment is a global media and entertainment company with holdings and operations across motion pictures , television , comic book publishing , gaming , next-gen technology and location-based entertainment . the studios most recognizable films include looper and iron man 3 .
thecus technology corporation is a taiwanese multinational corporation that designs and markets network-attached storage , direct-attached storage , and network video recorders . thecus is best known for producing nas and creates and designs its own hardware , firmware , and accessory software . thecuss products are distributed worldwide and localized in several languages . thecuss headquarters are located in taipei , taiwan with subsidiaries located around the world .
israel discount bank ltd. is one of israels three largest banks , with 260 branches , around 5,700 staff , and assets of 185 billion .
stiff records is a british independent record label formed in london , england , by dave robinson and jake riviera . originally active from 1976 to 1986 , the label was reactivated in 2007 . established at the outset of the punk rock boom , stiff signed various punk and new wave acts such as nick lowe , the damned , lene lovich , wreckless eric , elvis costello , ian dury and devo .
knight ridder was an american media company , specializing in newspaper and internet publishing . until it was bought by the mcclatchy company on june 27 , 2006 , it was the second-largest newspaper publisher in the united states , with 32 daily newspapers sold . its headquarters were located in san jose , california .
metro west ambulance is an ambulance corporation based in the u.s. state of oregon with ambulances and wheelie vans throughout washington county and along the oregon coast . metro west also manages the vernonia volunteer ambulance association .
mstelcom is a subsidiary of sonangol group , the state petroleum company of angola . mstelcom provides a range of telecommunications services for the oil industry as well as for residential and corporate clients . its name comes from mercury telecommunication services sarl . its competitors include angola telecom .
watson realty corp. is an independent real estate company headquartered in jacksonville , florida , with 43 offices and more than 1,400 employees in north and central florida , and south georgia . founded on december 16 , 1965 by william a. watson , jr. , watson realty corp. is the largest real estate company in florida .
telestream , inc. is an american privately held provider of software and hardware products for video capture , encoding , transcoding , and network-based delivery . products include desktop components , screencasting , video streaming , cross-platform encoding software and transcoding applications to automate enterprise-class digital video workflows .
arxan technologies is an american technology company specializing in application attack prevention and self-protection solution for iot , mobile , and other applications . the company reports that applications secured by it are running on over 500 million devices . arxan solutions are used to protect applications across a range of industries , including : mobile payments & banking , automotive iot , healthcare iot , gaming , drm , and high-tech .
begell house is an academic publisher of medical and scientific journals and books , with a concentration on engineering and biomedical sciences . it is also produces ebooks and digital articles via begell digital library and thermopedia it is privately owned . the company headquarters are in danbury , connecticut . the company was founded in 1991 by william begell .
the rosario and puerto belgrano railway was a french-owned railway company which operated a broad gauge , 5 ft 6 in , single track line between the cities of rosario and puerto belgrano in argentina . puerto belgrano , near the city of baha blanca in buenos aires province , is the main naval base in argentina .
new world pcs limited was a mobile network operator of hong kong .
is a japanese aviation company . it has a fleet of fixed wing aircraft and helicopters and provides a variety of aviation services . it is the largest helicopter operator in japan .
for the defunct ural automobiles and motors see amur the urals automotive plant , -LSB- open stock company , is a major russian manufacturer of off-road trucks under the ural brand and is part of the gaz group . located in the city of miass , chelyabinsk oblast in the ural mountains , the plant was established in 1941 when the zis truck plant was evacuated from moscow during world war ii .
inform , inc. is a non-profit environmental organization based in new york city . founded in 1973 , inform has published more than 100 reports covering chemical hazard prevention , solid waste prevention , extended producer responsibility , and sustainable transportation . inform uses media , such as video , to educate the public about the environmental effects of various consumer products .
ruff ryders is a record label founded by joaquin waah dean and darin dee dean and chivon dean , uncles and aunt of producer swizz beatzand is named out of respect after its founder , the artist formerly known as ravand mohammadi . it operated as a subsidiary of universal , and distributed by fontana distribution .
don quijote is a discount chain store that has over 160 locations throughout japan , three stores in hawaii and one in singapore . it carries a wide range of products , from basic groceries to electronics to clothing . the store is well known in japan and is often referred to by its shortened name donki -LRB- -RRB- .
budgetplaces is an online travel agency which offers low-cost accommodation . as of april 2012 , budgetplaces was working with over 10,000 budget hotels , hostels , bed-and-breakfasts and apartments in more than 100 countries worldwide .
john varvatos is an american international luxury mens lifestyle brand founded by john varvatos , which designs , manufactures , and retails high-end fashion . varvatos has been recognized as menswear designer of the year three times by the cfda and named gqs designer of the year in 2007 . the collection is distributed in 10 freestanding john varvatos boutiques across the us , as well as in high-end department stores throughout the world . headquarters located in new york city .
herbert johnson is a london firm of hatters and cap makers . founded in 1889 at 45 new bond street , the business was bought by the london firm of swaine adeney brigg in 1996 .
aquion energy is a pittsburgh-based company that manufactured sodium ion batteries and electricity storage systems . the company claims to provide a low-cost way to store large amounts of energy through thousands of battery cycles , and a non-toxic end product made from widely available material inputs and which operates safely and reliably across a wide range of temperatures and operating environments .
cybex international is a fitness equipment manufacturer for commercial and consumer use . they produce mainly cardiovascular and strength equipment such as arc trainers , treadmills , stationary bicycles and steppers . cybex markets their products through distributors in over 87 countries . the company has over 600 employees and their products are manufactured in their two manufacturing facilities , located in franklin park , illinois , and owatonna , minnesota .
tongli publishing co. , most known as tong li comics , is a publishing company which distributes a variety of domestic and imported comics in taiwan .
jaico publishing house is a prominent publisher in india .
devito/verdi is an american-based advertising and public relations company , headquartered in new york city , founded in 1991 by partners sal devito and ellis verdi . the full service agency serves clients across the united states in cities such as denver , boston , miami , grand rapids , st. louis , san francisco and washington , d.c.
telewizja polska s.a. is a public broadcasting corporation , the only public tv broadcaster in the territory of the republic of poland . it is the largest polish television network , with 13 national and 16 regional channels . about a third of tvps income comes from a broadcast receiver licence , while the rest is covered by commercials and sponsorships .
grundig business systems is a german company located in bayreuth and nuremberg in germany and employs 170 people . since 2001 , it has been an independent corporation , manufacturing analogue and digital dictation devices featuring the made in germany quality label .
energen corporation is an oil and gas exploration and production company headquartered in birmingham , alabama .
affliction entertainment was an american mixed martial arts promotion company created by affliction clothing in 2008 . the ufc prohibited its fighters from wearing affliction clothing after learning affliction was applying to become an mma fight promotion . donald trump , who owned a significant equity stake in affliction entertainment , was often seen sporting affliction t-shirts at the ppv events .
mind cti ltd. is a global provider of billing and customer care solutions for voice , data , video and content services . headquartered in yokneam , israel the company also has offices in silver spring , md , in the united states of america , iai , in romania , and suceava in romania .
kiss me deadly is a british lingerie brand established in london in 2006 by catherine clavering . the brand won the uks favourite british designer award at the 2012 uk lingerie awards .
bidvest bank , , is a commercial bank in the republic of south africa . it is licensed as a locally-controlled bank by the reserve bank of south africa , the national banking regulator . it is a niche bank specialising in foreign exchange and providing retail banking , vehicle financing and insurance .
veracode is an application security company based in burlington , massachusetts . founded in 2006 , the company provides an automated cloud-based service for securing web , mobile and third-party enterprise applications . veracode provides multiple security analysis technologies on a single platform , including static analysis , dynamic analysis , mobile application behavioral analysis and software composition analysis . on march 9 , 2017 , ca technologies announced the acquisition of veracode .
alpha bank is the fourth largest greek bank by total assets , and the largest by market capitalization of 2.36 billion . it has a subsidiary and branch in london england , and branches and subsidiaries throughout southeastern europe . founded in 1879 , it has been controlled by the costopoulos family since its inception .
affiliated managers group inc. is an american international investment management company headquartered in massachusetts that owns stakes in a number of boutique asset management , hedge fund , and specialized private equity firms .
parsons xtreme golf is a global golf equipment company that designs , manufactures , markets , and sells a line of custom fitted golf equipment , golf accessories , and golf lifestyle-related products . the company is based in scottsdale , arizona and was established in 2014 by bob parsons , founder of web hosting service godaddy . several of the worlds professional golfers use pxg equipment , including zach johnson , ryan moore , billy horschel , charl schwartzel , and lydia ko .
blue monkey brewery is a 20 barrel microbrewery located on the border of nottinghamshire and derbyshire . founded in ilkeston in 2008 , the company doubled its capacity and moved to giltbrook in 2010 . it produces award-winning beers , including ape ale and guerrilla porter . it currently has four outlets the organ grinder nottingham , the organ grinder loughborough , the organ grinder newark and the coffee grinder arnold .
golfboo is a golf course search engine , optimized towards finding golf courses and online bargains . co-founded in 2013 by antonio conde and fabio peral and headquartered in marbella , spain , the engine provides a search tool to find locations , descriptions , facility list , and reviews on golf courses in europe .
the cumberland community improvement district is a self-taxing district covering 5.5 square miles in southern cobb county , georgia that includes the intersections of i-75 , i-285 and u.s. highway 41 . the cumberland cid , georgias first cid , was formed by business leaders interested in improving access to the highways for atlantas emerging northwest market , known as cumberland .
taco time is an american fast-food restaurant chain specializing in mexican food . the chain has over 300 locations in the us and canada . it was founded in eugene , oregon in 1959 by ron fraedrick .
tvornica autobusa zagreb was a yugoslavian and croatian bus and truck manufacturer , which had its headquarters in dubrava , zagreb . the companys most famous product was taz dubrava 14 . it became defunct in 2000 .
halk bank , or halkbank , is a turkmen state-owned bank , headquartered in ashgabat . a network of halkbank offices covers the whole territory of turkmenistan , providing a wide range of services to the public . according to the banker , halkbank was in 2011 awarded the title of best bank of the year in turkmenistan .
armitage shanks is a british manufacturer of bathroom fixtures and plumbing supplies . in 2004 , armitage shanks had eight factories in the united kingdom , the largest in armitage , staffordshire . armitage shanks is one of the sponsors of the loo of the year awards .
the jewel motor car company of massillon , ohio manufactured the jewel automobile from 1906 to 1909 .
radius was an american computer hardware firm founded in may 1986 by burrell smith , andy hertzfeld , mike boich , matt carter , alain rossmann and other members of the original mac team . the company specialized in macintosh peripherals and accessory equipment .
brantano ltd was a british shoe retailer , owned by alteri investors . the company was started in 1998 by the purchase of 47 shoe city stores from the british shoe corporation by the belgian retailer brantano footwear . it was owned by macintosh retail group until it was bought by alteri in october 2015 . the company entered administration in march 2017 and closed its last store in june 2017 901 people were made redundant .
knoll , inc is a design firm that produces office systems , seating , files and storage , tables and desks , textiles , and accessories for the office , home , and higher education settings . the company manufactures furniture for the home by ludwig mies van der rohe , harry bertoia , florence knoll , frank gehry , maya lin and eero saarinen under the companys knollstudio division .
simonds farsons cisk plc , commonly known as farsons , is a maltese food and beverage conglomerate . the businesses of the farsons group include brewing , production , sale and distribution of beers and soft drinks importation , wholesale and retail of food and beverages operation of franchised food retailers and property development .
jsc kurganmashzavod is a manufacturing company based in kurgan , russia . it is known for its bmp series of infantry fighting vehicles .
vickers petroleum company was an oil company founded by john a. vickers , sr. in 1918 , vickers established a refinery in potwin , kansas to process the output of recently discovered oil fields in butler county .
ausway is an australian cartography and publishing company that produces comprehensive street directories and maps . in addition to its directories , ausway also produces laminated , folded and rolled maps of varying sizes and formats , 200dpi digital map images , and index data . ausway markets a satellite navigation unit loaded with their mapping data , branded as navway .
bacolod chicken inasal is a philippine restaurant chain primarily serving inasal , a kind of roast chicken served on skewers that originated in the visayas . it is also a sponsor for a number of television sitcoms on abs-cbn .
jerrys artarama is an originator of discount art supplies and materials company currently based in north carolina , united states . the art materials it provides include fine artist paints , canvas and boards , brushes and palette knives , easels , frames as well as extensive custom canvas and frame departments .
alamy is a privately owned stock photography agency launched in 1999 . it is an affiliate of getty images . its headquarters are in milton park , near abingdon , oxfordshire , united kingdom . it has a development and operations centre at techno park in trivandrum , kerala , india and a sales office in brooklyn , new york , united states .
nicta was australias information and communications technology research centre of excellence . the term centre of excellence is common marketing terminology used by some australian government organisations for titles of science research groups . nictas role is to pursue potentially economically significant ict related research for the australian economy .
nature republic is a south korean cosmetics brand . created in march 2009 , nature republic is a cosmetics brand that utilizes natural ingredients for their products . the brands philosophy is a sense of the beginning .
quest ce is a privately held company in the united states that specializes in providing compliance training and continuing education to the financial services industry .
shaklee corporation is an american manufacturer and distributor of natural nutrition supplements , weight-management products , beauty products , and household products . the company is based in pleasanton , california with global operations in canada , japan , malaysia , mexico , taiwan , china and indonesia .
jsc v.v. tikhomirov scientific research institute of instrument design is a joint stock company , one of the major russian enterprises in the development of weaponry control systems for fighter planes and mobile medium range anti-aircraft sam defense vehicles .
cervecera cuauhtmoc moctezuma is a major brewery based in monterrey , nuevo len , mexico , founded in 1890 . it is a subsidiary of heineken international . the company operates brewing plants in monterrey , guadalajara , toluca , tecate , orizaba and , beginning in 2017 , meoqui . the plants produce , among other brands , dos equis , sol , bohemia , superior , carta blanca , noche buena , indio , casta and tecate .
aropostale was a pioneering aviation company which operated from 1918 to 1933 . it was founded in 1918 in toulouse , france , as socit des lignes latcore , also known as lignes aeriennes latcore or simply the line .
timothy taylors is a family-owned regional brewery founded in 1858 by timothy taylor . originally based in cook lane , keighley , west yorkshire , england timothy taylors moved to larger premises in 1863 at knowle spring in keighley , where they remain . the brewery is still family owned and was family run until 2014 , when the chief executive charles dent retired and became chairman .
adore me is a womens intimates company based in new york city . the company manufactures and sells lingerie , sleepwear , swimwear , activewear , and other products . it was fined $ 1.38 million by the federal trade commission in november , 2017 for deceptive billing practices .
industrias vassallo , inc. is a big producer of pvc injection moulded and extruded goods , and manufacturer and distributor of pvc pipes and accessories , related plastics products , and resin furniture . the company is located in barrio coto laurel in ponce , puerto rico . in 2004 , the company had a workforce of 300 employees and revenues of $ 51m usd . its president is rafael vassallo . salvador vassallo was the companys ceo and president until his death in 2007 .
the access group is a software consultancy and developer , selling primarily to uk mid-market businesses with 14 offices across the uk and france the organisation was founded in 1991 with its current structure formed in june 2009 following the absorption of five companies into a single operation . since 2011 , access has been mostly owned by private equity companies , first lyceum capital and from 2014 ta associates .
galapagos nv is a belgo-dutch pharmaceutical research company which was founded in 1999 . its headquarters are located in mechelen and has additional locations in leiden , romainville and zagreb . the ceo is the dutchman onno van de stolpe . the company develops drugs against rheumatoid arthritis , crohns disease , ulcerative colitis , psoriasis , systemic lupus erythematosus and cystic fibrosis .
synon was a software company which , at its height , dominated the worldwide market for third-party application development tools for the ibm system i platform . its products continue to be widely used in that sector today , distributed and supported by ca inc. . synon pioneered what is now sometimes called architected rapid application development .
general motors of canada company , or simply gm canada , is the canadian subsidiary of general motors . it is headquartered at the canadian regional engineering centre in oshawa , ontario , canada . in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis , gm canada received a combined loan commitment of c $ 3 billion of financial assistance from the federal and provincial governments amid declining sales .
material y construcciones s.a. or macosa was a spanish heavy-engineering company , mainly producing products for the railway industry . from 1989 onwards the organisation was named meinfesa and became part of the gec-alstom group of companies , until 2005 when it became part of the vossloh group as vosloh espaa , later renamed vossloh rail vehicles . the plant was sold to stadler in 2015 .
bbgm is an american architecture and interior design firm . it is based in washington , dc , and employs about 50 architects and interior designers . it specializes in the design of hotel , office and large residential buildings .
the gilberton company , inc. was an american publisher best known for the comic book series classics illustrated . beginning life as an imprint of the elliot publishing company , the company became independent in 1942 , before being sold to the frawley corporation in 1967 . the company ceased publishing in 1971 .
ipl information processing limited , commonly known as ipl , is a privately owned european software services company headquartered in bath , uk , providing business consultancy , technical consultancy , it solutions and support services . the firm was founded in 1979 and employs 278 staff . for the year ended 30 september 2014 , the company posted a turnover of 27.3 m.
industria aeronautic romn or romanian aeronautic industry in english , is a romanian aerospace manufacturer founded in 1925 . based in ghimbav , near braov , romania , the company employs around 1,200 specialists including more than 170 engineers . it carries out upgrades , revisions , and overhauls on helicopters and light aircraft .
cosina co. , ltd. is a manufacturer of high-end optical glass , optical precision equipment , cameras , video and electronic related equipment , based in nakano , nagano prefecture , japan .
aberdeen asset management plc is an international investment management group , managing assets for both institutions and private investors from offices around the world . its head office is in aberdeen , scotland . the company was listed on the london stock exchange until 14 august 2017 when , as a result of a merger with standard life , it became a subsidiary of the renamed standard life aberdeen .
the ontario telemedicine network is one of the largest telemedicine networks in the world . it uses two-way videoconferencing to provide access to care for patients in every hospital and hundreds of other health care locations across the province . in addition to clinical care , otn facilitates the delivery of distance education and meetings for health care professionals and patients .
south32 is a mining and metals company headquartered in perth , western australia . it was spun out of bhp billiton on 25 may 2015 . the company is listed on the australian securities exchange with secondary listings on the johannesburg bourse and the london market .
martins was a specialty apparel retailer in the new york metropolitan area , with its flagship location on fulton street in brooklyn . it grew to six stores by the mid 1970s , before being sold to the operator of times square stores in 1977 .
encor biotechnology is a united states company that manufactures antibodies to neural and yeast proteins . founded in 1999 as a spin-off from the university of florida by dr. gerry shaw , a british scientist and professor at the university of florida , the company is based in gainesville , florida and markets antibody reagents originally made for research purposes , but which also have commercial value .
amplify is a digital education company launched in july 2012 . a subsidiary of news corp until october 2015 , amplify was built on the foundation of wireless generation , the educational company news corp bought in 2010 . amplify products and services provide assessment and analytics for data-driven instruction and next-generation digital curriculum based on the common core state standards .
ixia was a public company operating in around 25 countries . ixia is headquartered in calabasas , california and has approximately 1750 employees . it was acquired by keysight technologies inc. in 2017 . ixias key customers include manufacturers of network equipment such as cisco and alcatel-lucent , service providers such as verizon , ntt and deutsche telekom , and enterprises and government agencies .
yx energi , formerly known as hydro texaco , is a norwegian and danish gas station chain formed after the merge of the hydro and texaco gas station chains in 1995 . in 2006 the company was bought by reitangruppen and incorporated into their chain including the implementation of 7-eleven brand on the service stations . uno-x and rema bensin are low-cost brand names of yx .
acacia mining is a gold mining business operating in tanzania , with exploration properties in kenya , burkina faso and mali . it is listed on the london stock exchange and the dar es salaam stock exchange . acacias majority shareholder is barrick gold , which owns 63.9 % of the company .
organovo is an early-stage medical laboratory and research company which designs and develops functional , three dimensional human tissue for medical research and therapeutic applications . organovo was established in 2007 and is headquartered in san diego , california . the company uses its internally developed novogen mmx bioprinter for 3d bioprinting .
taleveras is an african business conglomerate , privately owned with business interests in energy and infrastructure , oil and gas exploration , production , trading and supply , power and construction . taleveras offices are located in london , geneva , abuja , lagos , abidjan , cape town and dubai .
c.i.agent solutions is a louisville , kentucky-based company that specializes in environmental protection solutions . the company develops products to clean up hydrocarbon spills on land and water . their main product is called c.i.agent , a proprietary blend of usda food-grade polymers that solidifies hydrocarbons .
yamazaki distillery is a japanese whisky distillery located in shimamoto , osaka prefecture , japan . opened in 1923 , and owned by suntory , it was japans first commercial whisky distillery . seven thousand bottles of unblended malt whisky are on display in its whisky library .
renault argentina is the subsidiary of renault in argentina . it is one of the oldest renault operations in latin america and is ranked consistently in first place by sales between the local automakers . renault argentina was officially established in 1975 , but the french company had a long presence in argentina before that .
east bay newspapers , also called phoenix-times publishing company , is a publisher based in bristol , rhode island , united states , and owner of seven weekly newspapers in eastern rhode island and southeastern massachusetts . office hours are monday through friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
the vultee aircraft corporation became an independent company in 1939 in los angeles county , california . it had limited success before merging with the consolidated aircraft corporation in 1943 , to form the consolidated vultee aircraft corporation or convair .
pier systems , inc. is a company that develops and supports an on-demand , web-based , communications software called the pier system . their product is designed for information management , crisis communications , business continuity , disaster recovery , public relations , mass notification , news monitoring , press release distribution and the management of documents , contacts , inquiries , and media .
dx freight offers an overnight delivery and logistics service , both within the united kingdom and internationally .
the susse chalet brand was a chain of franchise hotels with all locations in the united states in the northeast and mid-atlantic states . hotels featured free local calls , dataports , expanded cable television , and continental breakfast . most properties offered meeting facilities and swimming pool . the chain was sold in 2000 and the brand phased out shortly after .
c.h. robinson is a fortune 500 provider of multimodal transportation services and third-party logistics . the company offers freight transportation , transportation management , brokerage and warehousing . it offers truckload , less than truckload , air freight , intermodal , and ocean transportation .
neve electronics was a manufacturer of music recording and broadcast mixing consoles and hardware . it was founded in 1961 by rupert neve , the man credited with creating the modern mixing console .
ip pixel is a chicago , united states based digital creative agency owned by publicis groupe and an operating unit of starcom mediavest group .
travelyaari.com is the largest online bus booking portal headquartered at bangalore , india . with a network of over 3,500 bus operators on its website and 150,000 bus options per day on 45,000 routes , it has served over 150 million bus travelerstill date . it books 150,000-200 ,000 bus tickets daily through mantis technologies platform . it also enables 8,000-9 ,000 offline travel outlets to help them book bus tickets .
corvus hungary llc is an aircraft manufacturer that was founded in 2011 to produce the corvus fusion aircraft .
petrovietnam is the trading name of vietnam oil and gas group . petrovietnam has developed rapidly since it was established in 1977 , and its activities , through its various companies and wholly owned subsidiaries , now cover all the operations from oil and gas exploration and production to storage , processing , transportation , distribution and services .
todd soundelux is an american creative entertainment services company . the companys main activity is to provide creative and technical post production sound and music services for motion picture studios , independent producers , broadcast networks , cable channels , advertising agencies and other companies that produce , own or distribute content . the company maintains facilities in hollywood , california , burbank , california , and santa monica , california .
dynacraft bsc , inc. is a united states-based distributor of bicycles , scooters , battery-operated ride-ons , and electric ride-ons . dynacraft is based in american canyon , california and has its distribution center located there as well . dynacraft bikes are sold through major chains such as walmart , toysrus , kohls , fred meyer , canadian tire , academy sports + outdoor , exchange army & air force exchange and through online outlets such as amazon .
byrne construction services is a fort worth , texas based construction company providing construction manager and general contractor services . in addition to its fort worth headquarters , byrne has a full service office in san antonio .
softbank capital is a venture capital group in the united states , focusing on technology and telecom early stage businesses . it was founded by softbank . since 2015 it does not actively make investments , but it continues to oversee its prior portfolio .
sugar corporation of uganda limited , is a sugar manufacturer in uganda , the third-largest economy in the east african community .
capitol federal savings bank is a federally chartered and insured savings bank founded in 1893 and is headquartered in topeka , kansas . capitol federal currently has 37 branch locations and 10 in-store branches , serving primarily the metropolitan areas of topeka , wichita , lawrence , manhattan , emporia and salina , kansas and both the kansas and missouri sides of the greater kansas city metropolitan area .
mr. bricolage is a french retail chain offering home improvement and do-it-yourself goods . the company has around 80 shops and 435 franchise stores across france and also has operations across numerous european countries , as well as in south america and north africa .
ftr moto ltd was a british motorcycle parts and frame manufacturer . the name was an acronym for fabrication techniques racing motorcycles .
shiatzy chen is a taiwanese luxury fashion house , founded in 1978 by wang chen tsai-hsia -LRB- -RRB- , who is often referred to as the chanel of taiwan . they describe their style as neo-chinese chic , where the aesthetics of chinese clothing and handicraft are combined with western styles , using design features drawn from chinese culture such as mandarin collars and chinese patterns .
ubisoft leamington is a british video game developer located in leamington spa , warwickshire , england . founded on 29 november 2002 by six industry veterans formerly of codemasters and rare , the studios was bought by activision in september 2008 . in january 2017 , ubisoft acquired the studio from activision and renamed it ubisoft leamington .
king world productions , inc. was a production company and a syndicator of television programming in the united states until its eventual 2007 incorporation into cbs television distribution . the company continues to exist on paper as an intellectual property holder and under the moniker kwp studios to hold the copyright for the tv show the rachael ray . show .
benetti is an italian shipbuilding and boat building company based in viareggio , livorno , and fano , owned by azimut . benetti designs and constructs motoryachts , and is one of the leading builders of custom superyachts , having won the showboats international magazine shipyard number 1 award six times in a row , the only yard to have done so .
now comics was a comic book publisher founded in late 1985 by tony c. caputo as a sole-proprietorship . during the four years after its founding , now grew from a one-man operation to operating in 12 countries , and published almost 1,000 comic books . the company was headquartered in the chicago loop in chicago , illinois .
as220 is a non-profit community arts center located in downtown , providence , rhode island , united states . as220 maintains four dozen artist live/work studios , around a dozen individual work studios , six rotating exhibition spaces , a main stage , a black box theater , a dance studio , a print shop , a community darkroom , a digital media lab , a fabrication lab , an organization-run bar and restaurant , a youth recording studio , and a youth program .
off broadway shoe warehouse is an american footwear retailer founded in 1989 in nashville , tn . the shoe brand has over 75 locations coast to coast . it employs over 6,500 associates in more than 40 states . a typical off broadway shoe warehouse location offers over 30,000 pairs of shoes and more than 400 brands in each store . known for discounts prices , the stores carry popular footwear from brands like nike , skechers and steve madden .
ableforths is an alcoholic spirits brand based in kent producing gin , rum , absinthe and other spirits and liqueurs . in 2016 ableforths changed its name from professor cornelius ampleforth .
bopparder maschinenbau-gesellschaft mbh , better known by the acronym bomag , is a german company and a global market leader in compaction technology and manufactures soil , asphalt and refuse compaction equipment , as well as stabilizers and recyclers . in 2005 bomag was acquired by the fayat group and since then also sells asphalt pavers and cold planers under the bomag label .
nuedge development is a swedish computer software company . it is mainly involved in development and production of software synthesizers , both under its own label sonic charge as well as in cooperation with other companies .
st engineering is an integrated engineering group providing solutions and services in the aerospace , electronics , land systems and marine sectors . headquartered in singapore , the group reported revenue of $ 6.34 b in fy2015 , ranks among the largest companies listed on the singapore exchange , and is one of asias largest defence and engineering groups .
sapient is a marketing and consulting company that provides business , marketing , and technology services to clients . the company operates three divisions , sapientrazorfish , sapient global markets and sapient government services .
the weber-stephen products llc is a privately held american manufacturer of charcoal , gas and electric outdoor grills with related accessories . in 2004 , weber-stephen acquired some assets of competitor ducane at a bankruptcy sale . it also owns restaurants and publishes cookbooks . the company was family owned until it sold a majority stake to bdt capital partners in 2010 .
hanshin department store is a japanese department store chain owned by hankyu hanshin department stores , incorporated , a subsidiary of h2o retailing corporation .
national express germany is a railway operator in germany . a subsidiary of national express , it commenced trading in december 2015 .
naftna industrija srbije is a serbian multinational oil and gas company with headquarters in novi sad , serbia . the companys main business is the production of petroleum and natural gas exploration , production , importing , processing , transportation , and marketing of oil and oil products in serbia .
the agricultural research organization , the volcani agriculture institute , previously known as the agricultural research station of the jewish agency for palestine , is an israeli agricultural research center .
banca popolare di mantova s.p.a. was an italian cooperative bank based in mantua , lombardy . including the headquarters , the bank operated at 17 locations .
morison ksi is a global association of professional service firms . the association has 158 member firms in 88 countries . morison ksis status as an association is in accordance with the international federation of accountants audit code and the eu statutory audit directive 2006/43 / .
the puducherry road transport corporation is the government transport corporation in the union territory of puducherry that provides services in all the four regions of puducherry , namely pondicherry , karaikal , mah and yanam .
kalyan group is a holding company for the brands of kalyan silks , kalyan jewellers , kalyan developers , kalyan sarees and kalyan collections . it is headquartered in thrissur , kerala , india . kalyan silks have four showrooms in thrissur , and one each in cochin , palakkad , kozhikode , kannur and kottayam , dubai , bangalore , thiruvalla , sharjah , and muscat and kalyan sarees have showrooms in coimbatore , thrissur , calicut , thiruvananthapuram and kannur .
clermont steel fabricators is a private steel products manufacturing company known for making bolliger & mabillard roller coasters . the plant is located in batavia , ohio . csf was founded in 2004 after the closing of southern ohio fabricators . as of 2013 , clermont has 65 employees .
cresa is an international commercial real estate firm headquartered in washington , district of columbia . cresa represents tenants and provides real estate services , including corporate services strategic planning transaction management project management facilities management workforce and location planning portfolio/lease administration capital markets supply chain management sustainability and sublease and distribution .
bioverativ inc. is an american multinational biotechnology that specializes in the discovery , development , and delivery of therapies for the treatment of haemophilia . bioverativ competes with baxalta , pfizer and novo nordisk . the company traded on the nasdaq exchange under the ticker symbol bivv until sanofi completed its acquistion on march 8 , 2018 .
orion health is a new zealand-based global software company that delivers and sells healthcare software . it provides the software for healthcare providers from integration through to population health management and precision medicine . it has more than 450 customers in 25 countries and about 1200 staff globally .
dorado software is a multinational information technology company specializing in the development , licensing , and support of network management software . dorado develops and maintains the cruz product suite , which provides infrastructure and service lifecycle management for heterogeneous and multi-technology environments .
micropal group limited , known as micropal , was a global financial services company specialising in the collection and analysis of mutual fund performance data .
chater-lea was a british bicycle , car and motor cycle maker with a nine-storey factory in banner street in the city of london and , from 1928 , premises at letchworth , hertfordshire . it was founded by william chater-lea in 1890 to make bicycle components . it made cars between 1907 and 1922 and motorcycles from 1903 to 1935 . william died in 1927 and the business was taken over by his sons john and bernard .
ceres , inc. is a biotechnology company based in thousand oaks , california , united states . the company develops and produces seeds of genetically modified crops used for biofuels production . in addition to the operations in the united states , it has a subsidiary in brazil called ceres sementes do brasil .
tdc a/s or tdc group is a danish telecommunications company dating back to 1879 . tdc group is the largest telecommunications company in denmark . the companys headquarters are located in copenhagen . tdc group is the parent company of several subsidiaries and brands : blockbuster , cirque a/s , companymobile , dansk kabel tv , fullrate , get as , netdesign , tdc erhverv , telmore , unotel , and yousee .
sookbox llc is an american , privately held , consumer electronics company that develops and sells distributed media servers . the company is based in cambridge , ma , in proximity of the massachusetts institute of technology . it was founded in 2011 by dave sukoff and a group of mit undergraduates .
citizens property insurance corporation was created in 2002 from the merger of two other entities to provide both windstorm coverage and general property insurance for home-owners who could not obtain insurance elsewhere . it was established by the florida legislature in section 627.351 of florida statutes as a not-for-profit insurer of last resort , headquartered in tallahassee , florida , and quickly became the largest insurer in the state .
eirgrid plc is the state-owned electric power transmission operator in ireland . it is a public limited company registered under the companies acts its shares are held by the minister for communications , energy and natural resources . it is one of a number of irish state-sponsored bodies and is regulated by the commission for energy regulation .
investment ab resund is a swedish investment company controlled by mats qviberg and sven hagstrmer .
alesis , based in cumberland , rhode island , is a part of inmusic brands that designs and markets electronic musical instruments , digital audio processors , audio mixers , digital audio interfaces , recording equipment , drum machines , professional audio and electronic percussion products . alesis products are designed in the united states and manufactured in china .
landmark theatres is the united states largest theater chain dedicated to exhibiting and marketing independent and foreign films . landmark showcases a variety of programming ranging from independent and foreign films to 3-d movies and mainstream films . since its founding in 1974 , landmark has grown to 56 theaters , 268 screens in 27 markets .
radio televisyen malaysia is a malaysian public broadcaster . it has 36 radio and three television stations in malaysia , based in kuala lumpur . rtm is the first broadcaster in malaysia . rtm celebrates its 70th anniversary on 1 april 2016 .
grohe is a sanitary fittings manufacturer with its registered office in hemer and headquarters in dsseldorf . since 2014 , grohe has been part of the japanese lixil group . the company generated consolidated sales revenues of eur 1.3 billion in 2015 . grohe employs about 6,000 people worldwide .
marfeel is a spanish-based cloud-solution company offering a platform that provides website and advertisement space display optimization in mobile websites . it was founded in barcelona in 2011 by xavi beumala , and juan margenat , with the two also acting as the companys executives . marfeel has been acknowledged as one of the top 100 european startups for 2015 by wired magazine .
artis is a research and development company located in herndon , virginia . founded in 1999 , the company provides services and creates products for defense and commercial markets using extremely high-speed sensing and parallel processing . the name of the company stems from an acronym , short for advanced real-time information systems .
palmetto electric cooperative inc. is a non-profit electric utility cooperative headquartered in ridgeland , south carolina . it has a membership of approximately 66,000 customers .
acqua minerale san benedetto s.p.a. is an italian-based beverage company with operations in italy and spain .
britishjet was a trading name for the tour operator malta bargains limited based in malta . it operated inclusive tour charter flights from malta international airport . the company held a united kingdom civil aviation authority air travel organisers licence .
general healthcare group plc is a british healthcare company . it owns bmi healthcare , the uks largest private hospital group . bmi runs around 70 hospitals nationwide .
oxagile llc is a full-cycle software development company providing services in custom software development across different business domains .
wizz air , legally incorporated as wizz air hungary ltd. , is a hungarian low-cost airline with its head office in budapest . the airline serves many cities across europe and the middle east . it has the largest fleet of any hungarian airline , although it is not a flag carrier , and currently serves 42 countries . its jersey based parent company , wizz air holdings plc , is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
asia publishers is a seoul-based book publisher best known for producing multi-volume series of translated korean literature in bilingual format , generally at novella length and usually featuring a short biography of the author , a background of the social and historical setting of the work , and a brief collection of korean critical response to the works .
tans film was a film production house in the dutch east indies . established by the brothers tan khoen yauw and tan khoen hian on 1 september 1929 , its films were mostly targeted at native ethnic groups . starting with njai dasima in 1929 , the company released fifteen films before ultimately being dissolved after the japanese occupation . the tans and the wong brothers established tan & wong bros in 1948 to continue this work .
eastern electricity plc was an electricity supply and distribution utility serving eastern england , including east anglia and part of greater london . it was renamed eastern group under which name it was listed on the london stock exchange and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index until it was acquired by hanson plc in 1995 .
short line is a brand name for three different coach usa companies , hudson transit lines , hudson transit corporation , and chenango valley bus lines that provide local , commuter and intercity bus service in lower new york state , primarily along the route 17 and southern tier corridor .
karger publishers is an academic publisher of scientific and medical journals and books . the current ceo is gabriella karger .
metka is the business unit of the greek company mytilineos s.a. , undertaking the construction of large-scale projects in the sectors of energy , infrastructure and defence . metkas main business activity is in construction of large power generation plants , most notably highly efficient combined cycle power plants .
pepperidge farm is an american commercial bakery founded in 1937 by margaret rudkin , who named the brand after her familys property in fairfield , connecticut , which in turn was named for the pepperidge tree , nyssa sylvatica . a subsidiary of the campbell soup company , it is based in norwalk , connecticut .
audio-technica corporation is a japanese company that designs and manufactures professional microphones , headphones , phonographic magnetic cartridges , and other audio equipment .
the beirut stock exchange is the principal stock exchange of lebanon . located in beirut , it is a public institution run by a committee including a chairman , a vice-chairman and eight members appointed via a decree issued by the council of ministers , in accordance with a proposal by the minister of finance . all bse members are lebanese joint stock companies with a capital above 500,000 lebanese pounds and registered at the secretariat of the commercial register in .
bmw brilliance is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in shenyang , china and a joint venture between bmw and brilliance auto . its principal activity is the production , distribution and sale of bmw passenger cars in mainland china . the bmw brilliance zinoro all-electric crossover , based on the bmw x1 , is the first product of bmw brilliances new brand and the first new energy vehicle from a chinese premium manufacturer .
mister leonard was a leading canadian womens sportswear company . it was founded in 1965 , by leonard wasser and sam gertner , growing out of their previous company pantman . mister leonard grew to become one of the countrys leading apparel manufacturers , at its prime doing 90 million plus in annual sales , and becoming the largest garment employer in the city of toronto , ontario . the company also was amongst the first canadian manufacturers to set up production in hong kong .
jensen-group is an international company that manufactures machines for the heavy-duty laundry industry , based in belgium , but originating in denmark , on the island bornholm . its headquarters are at bijenstraat 6 , sint-denijs-westrem , ghent , east flanders , belgium .
wpa , or western provident association , is a not-for-profit private medical insurance firm based in taunton , somerset . its subsidiary , wpa protocol plc , administers corporate healthcare trusts .
aden airways was a subsidiary of british overseas airways corporation based in aden . it was in operation from 1949 to 1967 .
andela is an american company that specializes in training software developers . the company was founded in 2014 and is based in new york city .
him international music is a taiwanese independent record label and artist management company established in 1999 . it was previously known as grand music international inc. member record company .
martinsa-fadesa , s.a. was one of the main real estate and construction groups of spain before the crash of the spanish property bubble . it is based in madrid , spain . in 2007 , promociones y urbanizaciones martn , s.a. merged with fadesa inmobiliaria , s.a. to create martinsa-fadesa . the company went in to administration on 15 july 2008 after failing to pay off debts .
lotte chemical titan holding sdn bhd engages in the ownership and operation of polypropylene plants , polyethylene plants , ethylene crackers , and aromatic plants . it offers high-density polyethylene , low-density polyethylene , and linear low-density polyethylene for various kinds of applications , room household-wares to automotives products .
jds uniphase corporation was a company that designed and manufactured products for optical communications networks , communications test and measurement equipment , lasers , optical solutions for authentication and decorative applications , and other custom optics . it was headquartered in milpitas , california . it was formerly known as jds uniphase , prior to a rebranding of its corporate image on september 14 , 2005 . the legal entity was called jds uniphase corporation , but more commonly called jdsu .
freedom debt relief is a us debt resolution company . it is currently based in san mateo , california and is a wholly owned subsidiary of freedom financial network , a financial service company also headquartered in san mateo . the company states that it has more than 600 employees .
duquesne light holdings , inc. is an energy services holding company formed in 1989 to serve as the holding company for duquesne light company and to engage in certain unregulated energy and related businesses . after a 2007 acquisition , dlh is a jointly owned subsidiary of mariposa energy and dqe holdings llc , with principal executive offices located in pittsburgh , pennsylvania and san antonio , texas .
forsythe technology , inc. is an it infrastructure , professional services and financial services company located in skokie , illinois .
fabbri group is an italian amusement rides manufacturer based in calto . they are known for producing a number staple attractions for both amusement parks and funfairs , such as the booster and the kamikaze .
mtm motoren technik mayer gmbh , is a german car tuner and small manufacturer based in wettstetten .
nasim sdn bhd , a member of naza group of companies , involved in automobiles industry was founded in 1997 . on 2 jan 2008 , nasim become the sole importer and distributor for the peugeot brand in malaysia .
vu televisions is a luxury television brand and an led tv and display manufacturer founded in mumbai in 2006 . it is the largest-selling tv brand across e-commerce platforms in india .
vocalink is a payment systems company headquartered in the united kingdom , created in 2007 from the merger between voca and link . it designs , builds and operates the uk payments infrastructure , which underpins the provision of the bacs payment system , the direct debit system , the uk atm link switching platform covering 65,000 atms and the uk faster payments systems . vocalink processes over 90 % of uk salaries , more than 70 % of household bills and 98 % of state benefits .
bjarke ingels group , often referred to as big , is a copenhagen and new york based group of architects , designers , and builders operating within the fields of architecture , urbanism , research and development . the office is currently involved in a large number of projects throughout europe , north america , asia and the middle east . as of 2016 , the office has over 400 employees from 25 countries .
air miles is the name of separately operated loyalty programs in canada , the netherlands and the middle east . in spain the scheme is operated under the travel club name by air miles espaa , s.a. -LSB- 1 -RSB- . points are earned on purchases at participating merchants and can be redeemed against flights with specific airlines . the scheme was also operated in the united kingdom until it was combined with ba miles and iberia plus points and rebranded as avios in november 2011 .
diantong film company was a short-lived but important film studio and production company during the 1930s in shanghai , china . though it produced only four films during its existence between 1934-1935 , all four films became important examples of the left-leaning chinese cinema of the 1930s . of all the film studios of the period , diantong had the closest connection to the communist party of china .
oddcast is an online marketing company located in new york city and founded in 1999 . their software photoface allows an uploaded picture to be turned into a 3d face , and then allows the manipulation of the features . they have used this in various marketing campaigns for numerous major corporations .
phase 4 films was a canadian film distribution company based in toronto . it had two branches in the united states : los angeles , california and fort mill , south carolina . its subsidiary kaboom ! entertainment markets childrens entertainment .
vox media is an american multinational digital media company founded on july 14 , 2005 as sportsblogs inc. by jerome armstrong , tyler bleszinski , and markos moulitsas and based in washington , d.c. and new york city . it currently runs eight editorial brands : sb nation , the verge , polygon , curbed , eater , racked , vox , and recode . voxs brands are built on concert , a publisher-led market place for advertising , and chorus , its proprietary content management system .
de core group is a led luminaire & semiconductor technology company . it established a nanosemiconductor fabrication plant along with a material growth facility in gandhinagar which is owned & operated by de core nanosemicondutors limited , gujarat , with die-packaging facility in asia in noida which is owned & operated by de core science and technologies limited , noida .
sjd accountancy is a uk-based accountancy firm that provides accountancy services to contractors with private limited companies .
burlington , formerly known as burlington coat factory , is an american national off-price department store retailer , and a division of burlington coat factory warehouse corporation with 631 stores in 45 states and puerto rico , with its corporate headquarters located in burlington township , new jersey . in 2006 , it was acquired by bain capital in a take-private transaction and in 2008 , tom kingsbury became president and ceo . the company went public again in 2013 .
top level design is a company based in portland , oregon , in the united states , and the domain name registry for the generic top-level domains . wiki , . ink and . design . ray king serves as its chief executive officer .
shanghai meishan iron and steel co. , ltd. , known as meishan iron and steel , or meisteel or meigang is a second-tier subsidiary of baosteel group and a first-tier subsidiary of listed company baoshan iron and steel co. , ltd. . the company was based in nanjing . in 2004 , baosteel group decided to inject shanghai meishan iron and steel co. , ltd. to fellow subsidiary baoshan iron and steel co. , ltd. , which is also a listed company .
coast casinos inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of boyd gaming corporation based in paradise , nevada . coast casinos is the number 2 locals casino brand in the las vegas market behind station casinos .
reksoft is an offshore software engineering company specialising in software development and system integration services , specifically software product engineering , enterprise application services and dedicated centres . reksoft has passed certification audit iso 9001:2008 , and is assessed to comply with cmmi level 5 . the company is based in st. petersburg , russia , and has regional offices in munich , germany , and stockholm , sweden , and development centres in moscow and voronezh , russia .
cine animadores is a chilean animation film studio . one of the few full-based animation studios in the country and latin america , cine animadores worked in his first years with tv commercials and later in the final years of the 1990s they started to work on music videos , animated tv series , flash animation and animated feature films , with the creation of ogu and mampato in rapa nui , the first modern feature-length animated movie of chile in 2002 .
origin enterprises plc is a focused agri-services group providing specialist on-farm agronomy services and the supply of crop technologies and inputs . the group has leading market positions in ireland , the united kingdom , poland , romania and ukraine . origin is listed on the esm and aim markets of the irish and london stock exchanges .
east african breweries limited , commonly referred to as eabl , is a kenya-based holding company that manufactures branded beer , spirits , and non-alcoholic beverages .
national railway equipment company is an american railroad equipment rebuilding , leasing , and manufacturing company , headquartered in mt. vernon , illinois . nrec sells new and rebuilt locomotives to railroad companies worldwide , with an emphasis on the north american market .
gambro is a global medical technology company that manufactures products for dialysis treatment . the company is a global leader in developing , manufacturing and supplying products and therapies for kidney and liver dialysis , myeloma kidney therapy , and other extracorporeal therapies for chronic and acute patients . gambro was founded in lund , sweden in 1964 by holger crafoord and has around 8,000 employees , production facilities in nine countries , and sales in more than 100 countries .
topaz is an irish petroleum retail chain , owned by the canadian couche-tard group and has a presence across the island of ireland . the legal entity was formed in 2005 and previously traded under the statoil and shell brands , until 2008 when the topaz brand replaced both in ireland .
regency centers corporation is a real estate investment trust based in jacksonville , florida and is one of the largest operators of grocery-anchored shopping centers .
burke corporation is a manufacturer of pizza toppings and other fully cooked meat products for use in the restaurant , foodservice and prepared foods industries . burke is headquartered in nevada , iowa . the company specializes in custom product formulation for supply to private foodservice labels , serving more than 1,600 commercial customers .
powderhouse productions is an american television production company .
blue note records is an american jazz record label that is owned by universal music group and operated with decca records . established in 1939 by alfred lion and max margulis , it derives its name from the blue notes of jazz and the blues . originally dedicated to recording traditional jazz and small group swing , from 1947 the label began to switch its attention to modern jazz .
summon is a transportation network company , similar to uber , lyft , via , sidecar and haxi . it uses a mobile application which matches customers needing transportation with a taxi driver or a personal driver who is willing to provide a ride . summon is currently available in california , in san francisco , oakland , berkeley , emeryville , and portions of the east bay .
argonaut games plc was a british video game developer , founded in 1982 and liquidated in late 2004 , with the company ceasing to exist in early 2007 . it was most notable for the development of the super nes video game star fox and its supporting super fx hardware .
ragwing aircraft designs was an american aircraft design and manufacturing company based in taylors , south carolina . the company was founded in 1987 and closed down in january 2000 .
invista , headquartered in wichita , kansas , united states , is the worlds largest integrated fiber , resin and intermediates company . it has about 10,000 employees in over 20 countries worldwide . dupont originally formed the company as a subsidiary in 2003 from its textile fibers division and named it dupont textiles and interiors while a permanent identity was established . the company was given the trademarked name invista and was then sold to privately owned koch industries in april 2004 .
transaction publishers was a new jerseybased publishing house that specialized in social science books . located on the livingston campus of rutgers university , transaction maintained close connections to academic life . it was sold to taylor & francis in 2016 and now forms part of its routledge imprint .
hublot is a swiss luxury watchmaker founded in 1980 by italian carlo crocco . the company currently operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of frances lvmh . in 1980 , it also marked the birth of the fusion concept a few months after being founded .
hypercom was an american company which was a pioneer of electronic payment processing hardware and software . it was acquired by rival verifone in 2011 .
intercept pharmaceuticals , inc. is an american biopharmaceutical company incorporated in 2002 , focusing on the development of novel synthetic bile acid analogs to treat chronic liver diseases , such as primary biliary cirrhosis now called primary biliary cholangitis , non-alcoholic fatty liver disease , cirrhosis , portal hypertension , primary sclerosing cholangitis and also the intestinal disorder , bile acid diarrhea .
the duewag ag was one of germanys major manufacturers for rail vehicles . the business was sold in 1999 to siemens transportation .
dynamic sealing technologies , inc. is an american privately held company that designs , manufactures , and integrates fluid rotary union and swivel joint products . the companys rotary union products are used to transfer hydraulic oils , chemicals , water , air , and other various liquids and gasses from stationary inlets to rotating outlets . when assembled with electrical slip rings , the products can also transfer electrical power , signals , and data .
phibro is an international physical commodities trading firm . phibro trades in crude oil , oil products , natural gas , precious and base metals , agricultural products , commodity-related equities , and other products . phibros headquarters are located in stamford , connecticut .
uptake is a predictive analytics saas provider whose products and solutions assist with uptime , productivity and safety and cybersecurity . uptake applies cross-industry data science and machine learning through its insights platform using data to identify patterns and insights that aid operations and growth opportunities . uptake was co-founded by brad keywell and eric lefkofsky in chicago , illinois in 2014 .
compagnie monegasque de banque is a private bank based monaco . established in march 1976 by banca commerciale italiana and its partners , cmb is today wholly owned by mediobanca , an italian investment bank .
macfadden communications group is a publisher of business magazines . it has a historical link with a company started in 1898 by bernarr macfadden that was one of the largest magazine publishers of the twentieth century .
lippincott is an american brand strategy and design company . based in new york , it is part of the oliver wyman group , a business unit of marsh & mclennan companies .
w. can refer to : george w. bush , the 43rd president of the united statesw . , a 2008 film about u.s. president george w. bush directed by oliver stonew . channel , an australian television channel tailored towards womenw. , a song by codeine from the ep barely real .
mcgraw-edison was an american manufacturer of electrical equipment . it was created in 1957 through a merger of mcgraw electric and thomas a. edison , inc. , and was in turn acquired by cooper industries in 1985 .
the philosophy documentation center is a non-profit publisher and resource center that provides access to scholarly materials in applied ethics , classics , philosophy , religious studies , and related disciplines . it publishes academic journals , conference proceedings , anthologies , and online research databases , often in cooperation with scholarly and professional associations .
gamuda berhad is an engineering , property and infrastructure company based malaysia . it is one of the largest malaysian infrastructure companies and has undertaken various projects , both locally and overseas , like the construction of klang valley mrt lines , highways , airport runways , railways , tunnels , water treatment plants , dams , infrastructure concessions and the development of new townships .
walt disney television was the name of the television production division of the walt disney company . walt disney televisions television productions are broadcast , mostly on disney channel , disney junior , disney xd , abc.today , the majority of walt disney televisions productions are animated series which are produced through walt disney television group .
cameroon airlines was an airline from cameroon , serving as flag carrier of the country . based in douala , it operated scheduled services within africa , as well as to europe and the middle east out of its hub at douala international airport , with a second network focus on yaound nsimalen international airport . the company was 96.43 per cent state owned , with the remaining shares having been held by air france .
intertek group plc is a multinational inspection , product testing and certification company headquartered in london , united kingdom . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
the jones store company was an american chain of department stores located in the kansas city area formerly operated by mercantile stores company and the st. louis , missouri-based may co.
mari petroleum company limited is one of pakistans largest petroleum exploration and production companies , operating the countrys second largest gas reservoir at mari field , district ghotki , sindh . mpcl is primarily engaged in exploration , development and production of hydrocarbon products .
ralphs is an american major supermarket chain in the southern california area and the largest subsidiary of cincinnati-based kroger . it is the oldest such chain west of the mississippi river and by 2015 , there were 200 locations . kroger also operates stores under the food 4 less and foods co. names in california .
one little indian records is a london-based independent record label that rose from the ashes of punk rock record company spiderleg records . it was set up in 1985 by members of various anarcho-punk bands , and managed by former flux of pink indians bassist derek birkett .
coinbase is a digital currency exchange headquartered in san francisco , california . they broker exchanges of bitcoin , bitcoin cash , ethereum , and litecoin with fiat currencies in around 32 countries , and bitcoin transactions and storage in 190 countries worldwide .
oy sofia zweygberg ab was a finnish textile retailer and wholesaler that operated from 1868 until the 1970s . the company was founded by sofia zweygberg in viipuri , grand duchy of finland . by time it grew the largest of its kind in the country . in the 1920s the company fell into financial problems but overcame the difficulties after effective restructuring . after the second world war the head office was moved to lappeenranta .
the jerusalem institute for market studies is an independent , nonprofit economic policy think tank whose mission is to promote social progress in israel through economic freedom and individual liberty . jims , founded in 2003 , regularly publishes influential economic policy papers and editorials , runs a number of innovative educational projects , and administers a unique national public opinion survey called the israel panel study of opinion dynamics .
orbusneich is a global company that designs , develops , manufactures and markets medical devices for the treatment of vascular diseases . in 2013 , orbusneich received ce mark for the worlds first and only dual therapy stent , the combo dual therapy stent . the combo stent features active endothelial progenitor cell capture technology , which promotes the accelerated natural healing of the vessel wall after the implantation of a stent .
innolux corporation is a company producing tft lcd panels , established in 2003 and located in taiwan .
city brewing company is a large brewery located in la crosse , wisconsin , usa . it also goes by the trade name of city brewery .
montres edox et visa sa is a swiss manufacture of luxury wristwatches that operates under the era watch company . christian ruefli-flury , a watchmaker originating from grenchen , switzerland , founded the company in 1884 in biel/bienne . edox has remained in continuous production since their foundation .
black diamond equipment is a manufacturer of equipment for climbing , skiing and mountain sports , based in utah , usa . the company also has a global office in innsbruck , austria . the company is owned by clarus corporation , which also owns pieps and owned sierra bullets .
state farm is a large group of insurance and financial services companies throughout the united states with corporate headquarters in bloomington , illinois . the groups main business is state farm mutual automobile insurance company , a mutual insurance firm that also owns the other state farm companies .
delta shuttle is the brand name for delta air lines air shuttle service in the northeastern united states . hourly service is operated from laguardia airport in new york city to logan international airport in boston , ronald reagan washington national airport near washington , d.c. , and ohare international airport in chicago .
equitrac is a global software company that provides document cost management and output management solutions for printers , copiers and multifunction devices . its target markets are professional services firms , general office and enterprise plus hospitality and higher education . the company has more than a 70 % market share among large law firms .
campagnolo is an italian manufacturer of bicycle components with headquarters in vicenza , italy . the components are organised as groupsets , and are a near-complete collection of a bicycles mechanical parts . campagnolos flagship components are the super record , record , and chorus groupsets that represent their recent shift to 11-speed drivetrains . record and super record are the top groupsets , followed by chorus , athena , centaur and veloce .
the charles d. kaier company was a beer brewery in mahanoy city , pennsylvania , that produced kaiers brand beer from 1880 to 1968 under a succession of corporate identities . the company was sold to philadelphia , pennsylvanias , ortlieb brewing company in 1966 , and ceased producing beer in 1968 .
extreme pita is a canadian-based fast-casual chain , owned by mty group . headquartered in richmond hill , ontario , the company has more than 175 units throughout canada and the united states . extreme pita serves pita sandwiches , salads , and pizza-style flat-baked pitas . available ingredients include fresh vegetables , cheeses , meats and vegetarian options such as falafel and hummus .
color labs , inc. was a start-up based in palo alto , california . its main product was the eponymous mobile app for sharing photos through social networking . it allowed people to take photos in addition to viewing other photos also taken in the vicinity . the application grouped photos based on a users friends so that he or she is more likely to see those that are more relevant . following skepticism and rumors from silicon valley commentators , color labs stopped selling the app at the end of 2012 .
the macclesfield , bollington and marple railway was a 11 mi railway line between macclesfield and marple in east cheshire , england . the route was opened jointly by the manchester , sheffield and lincolnshire railway and the north staffordshire railway in 1869 . it was part of an alternative link between manchester and destinations south of macclesfield .
aker asa is a norwegian holding company engaged in offshore fishing , construction and engineering . the company is listed on oslo stock exchange and is controlled by kjell inge rkke with 66.66 % ownership through trg holding . the corporate headquarters are located in oslo , norway . the company was established in 2004 . it takes its name from the former akers mekaniske verksted , which was closed in 1982 .
stryker corporation is a fortune 500 medical technologies firm based in kalamazoo , michigan . strykers products include implants used in joint replacement and trauma surgeries surgical equipment and surgical navigation systems endoscopic and communications systems patient handling and emergency medical equipment neurosurgical , neurovascular and spinal devices as well as other medical device products used in a variety of medical specialties .
access bank rwanda is a commercial bank in rwanda . it is one of the commercial banks licensed by the national bank of rwanda , the national banking regulator .
newsplayer was a streaming video website of historical news footage . the service provided online access to newsreel video clips and television news reports spanning the last 100 years . the online digital archive featured over 14,000 video clips of licensed material from the libraries of itn , reuters , pathe news and emi .
hy-line cruises is a family owned and operated massachusetts ferry and cruise company . the company currently operates the second largest passenger ferry service between mainland cape cod and the islands of marthas vineyard and nantucket . the company also operates sightseeing cruises and fishing charters . the companys main office is located at 22 channel point road in hyannis .
dspace gmbh , located in paderborn , germany , is one of the worlds leading providers of tools for developing electronic control units.dspace gmbh has project centers in pfaffenhofen , bblingen , and wolfsburg , and cooperates with the autonomous local dspace companies situated in the usa , uk , france , japan and china . various distributors represent dspace in other overseas markets .
metrobus is a bus operator with routes in south london , and parts of surrey , kent & sussex . formed through a management buyout in 1983 , metrobus was purchased by the go-ahead group in september 1999 . metrobus previously operated many routes under contract to transport for london in south and south-east london , but following a restructure , on 1 april 2014 these were transferred to go-ahead london . the remaining operations were brought under the control of brighton & hove on 1 july 2014 .
wow unlimited media is a canadian-american animation and media holding company . it was formed as a result of a merger between rainmaker studios , frederator networks and ezrin hirsh entertainment .
echo - eradicate childhood obesity foundation , inc. is a 501 public charity based in cambridge , ma dedicated to ending childhood obesity . established in 2015 , the foundation aims to promote healthier lifestyles through the use of nutrition education , technology , and novel , easy-to-understand food labels .
the bat motor manufacturing co. ltd was a british motorcycle manufacturer that operated between 1902 and 1926 . significant innovations developed by the company included one of the first motorcycle suspension systems , with a leading link front fork and a subframe suspended on springs from the main frame .
luxman is a brand name of japanese luxman corporation -LRB- -RRB- , a company that manufactures luxury audio components . luxman produces a variety of high-end hi-fi products which include turntables , amplifiers , receivers , tape decks , cd players and speakers .
smart aviation company is a corporate airline operator based in egypt . the company launched operations during the second quarter of 2007 from its base in cairo international airportthe company is the first corporate jet operator in the country to cater to businessmen , politicians , executive air travelers and medical services .
arrow comics was one of the original independent publishers of black-and-white comics in the mid-1980s , starting out in ypsilanti , michigan by founders ralph griffith and stuart kerr .
arenanet is a video game developer and subsidiary of ncsoft , founded in 2000 by mike obrien , patrick wyatt and jeff strain and located in bellevue , washington . they are most notable as developers of the online role-playing game series guild wars .
good karma brands is a sports marketing , event planning , retail , and radio broadcasting company based in beaver dam , wisconsin . originally known as good karma broadcasting llc , the company owns and operates radio stations in the states of wisconsin , ohio , and florida , as well as having branched out in recent years into other business ventures . gkb was founded in 1997 by craig karmazin , the son of former viacom and sirius xm executive mel karmazin .
constellation records is a canadian independent record label based in montreal , quebec . it has released albums by many post-rock bands , including godspeed you ! black emperor , thee silver mt. zion memorial orchestra & tra-la-la band and do make say think .
lectra is an industry-leading technology company headquartered in paris , france . it operates in 30 countries with 32 subsidiaries . lectra specializes in cad software and cam cutting-room systems for industries using soft material such as leather and textiles . the company develops software , hardware , consulting and associated services for organizations in industries including fashion and apparel , automotive , furniture and others .
fantagraphics books is an american publisher of alternative comics , classic comic strip anthologies , magazines , graphic novels , and the erotic eros comix imprint . many notable cartoonists publish their work through fantagraphics , including jessica abel , peter bagge , ivan brunetti , charles burns , daniel clowes , mary fleener , roberta gregory , joe sacco , chris ware , and the hernandez brothers .
telenor hungary is the second largest mobile phone operator in hungary . telenor hungary ltd. was founded as pannon gsm telecommunications ltd. in 1994 . as of 2003 , the company is fully owned by telenor .
enapor is the cape verdean port authority . its current president is carlitos mendes . the activity at the ports of praia and mindelo dominate 75 % of the total activity , the largest being praia .
hero fincorp , is an indian non-banking financial company . the company is currently engaged in consumer finance businesses and commercial lending . consumer finance includes financing hero motocorp two wheelers and providing loans against property . on the commercial lending side it provides indian corporates a wide portfolio of financing products which include working capital loans , machine loans amongst others .
milkyway image ltd. -RRB- is a production company based in hong kong . the company was established in 1996 by prolific director johnnie to in joint partnership with frequent collaborator wai ka-fai . the company is known best for producing dark crime films inspired by the work of french director jean-pierre melville and the genre of film noir .
qsc , llc is an american manufacturer of audio products including power amplifiers , loudspeakers , digital mixers , digital signal processors , and the q-sys networked audio , video and control platform . qsc products are used by professional installed , portable , production , corporate and cinema customers worldwide .
intelsat , s.a. is a communications satellite services provider . originally formed as international telecommunications satellite organization , it wasfrom 1964 to 2001an intergovernmental consortium owning and managing a constellation of communications satellites providing international broadcast services . as of march 2011 , intelsat operates a fleet of 52 communications satellites , which is one of the worlds largest fleet of commercial satellites .
vtb capital is a russian investment bank . it is one of the three strategic business arms of vtb group , along with the corporate and retail businesses . vtb capital has been ranked among the top investment banks in russia , the cis and central and eastern europe regions according to industry league tables , including bloomberg , thomson reuters and dealogic .
imperial-newton corporation is an american company that manufactures custom and specialized impact sockets , socket wrench and other large bolt equipment utilized for large heavy industrial applications .
williams-sonoma , inc. , is an american publicly traded consumer retail company that sells kitchenwares and home furnishings . it is headquartered in san francisco , california , united states . it is one of the largest e-commerce retailers in the u.s. , and one of the biggest multi-channel specialty retailers in the world .
intelliquote insurance services is an american online life insurance agency . originally headquartered out of the founders folsom , california home , intelliquote is currently located in el dorado hills , california .
nobel , ltd. is a telecom company founded by thomas knobel , a young entrepreneur from switzerland . nobels retailer websites offer prepaid phone cards that use the voip technology to route long distance calls . the purpose of routing calls is obtaining a lower cost for the user of the phone card .
cenveo is a company based in stamford , connecticut engaged in the manufacture of various print-related products . founded in 1921 as denver-based rockmont envelope , the companys products and services include printed labels , packaging and digital print products , print magazine and book solutions , mailing solutions and creative services , and inventory and warehouse management software . in january 2018 cenveo filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy citing overwhelming debt to multiple lenders .
united first financial is a financial software services and support company that focuses primarily on mortgage and debt reduction . united first financial , which offers a mortgage reduction program similar to the offset mortgage , won the ernst & young entrepreneur of the year regional awards in 2008 .
the jarrow brewing company , or jarrow brewery , was an english brewery .
iran tractor manufacturing company also known as itmco , is a manufacturer of tractors , automobiles , auto-parts , and heavy machines with main site and headquarters in tabriz , iran . itmco is enlisted in the 100 fortune companies of iran . tractor manufacturing company owned a tractor football club since 1970 to now .
maranatha volunteers international is a non-profit christian organization founded in 1969 and is based in roseville , california united states with offices in canada , latin america , india and mozambique . it is a supporting ministry of the seventh-day adventist church with the primary focus of organizing volunteers to build churches and schools in developing nations .
murphy warehouse company is a family-owned , full-service supply chain logistics company based in minneapolis , minnesota . founded in 1915 , murphy is one of the upper midwests largest asset-based logistics companies and serves more than 250 companies ranging from fortune 500 to startup companies .
japan canada oil sands limited is an oil sands extraction company . it is the operator of the hangingstone oil sands project . jacos is a subsidiary of japex .
aleutia computers ltd. is a privately owned computer manufacturer based in london , united kingdom . its product range consists of low-power desktop and server computers . its products are used in the developing world and as original base designs for externally branded products . its computers have been purchased by unicef , tesco , schlumberger , pret a manger , virgin media , and the national health service .
voronezh aircraft production association is one of the largest aircraft production plants in russia .
central studios was a motion picture movie studio in coimbatore , tamil nadu , india , started by b.rangaswamy naidu and other prominent industrialists like swamikannu vincent of coimbatore in 1935 to make tamil and other south indian language movies . the studio was a major hub of tamil movie production and notable for many early day tamil movie superstars starting and spending their early part of career in this studio .
eastpak is an american worldwide lifestyle brand founded in boston , usa , specializing in the design , development , manufacturing and worldwide marketing and distribution of a range of products including bags , backpacks , travel gear and accessories . the company began as eastern canvas products usa , inc. in 1952 , producing bags and packs for the us military before focusing on the consumer market under the brand name eastpak as of 1976 . it is part of the vf corporation brand portfolio .
giant food stores , llc is an american supermarket chain that operates stores in pennsylvania , maryland , virginia and west virginia under the names of giant and martins . giant is a subsidiary of netherlands-based ahold delhaize . giant food stores are often referred to as giant/martins to distinguish it from sister company giant-landover .
digital research , inc. was a company created by gary kildall to market and develop his cp/m operating system and related 8-bit , 16-bit and 32-bit systems like mp/m , concurrent dos , multiuser dos , dos plus , dr dos and gem . it was the first large software company in the microcomputer world . digital research was based in pacific grove , california .
indicus analytics is an economics research firm based in new delhi . the company offers research services and data products . indicus clientele includes both national & international corporations , educational institutions and government organizations .
ast is one of the largest book publishing companies in russia , headed by oleg bartenev . it owns a bookstores chain bukva . among ast partners are publishing companies astrel , zebra e , molodaya gvardiya , centercom , bookstores moscow and biblio globus and online shops , such as ozon.ru . it also owns comic book and manga publisher comics factory .
the brunei investment agency is a government-owned corporation that report to the ministry of finance of the government of brunei . established in 1983 , its offices are located in bandar seri begawan at the ministry of finance hq . data on the agencys assets are not reported to the public and the sultan and his assets , to a certain degree , are also incorporated in the agency however the extent is unknown .
cassa di risparmio di lucca pisa e livorno s.p.a. was an italian saving bank based in lucca . it was a subsidiary of banco popolare and currently a sub-division and brand of the group banco bpm .
eazel was a software company operating from 1999 to 2001 and based in mountain view , california . the company created the nautilus file manager for the gnome desktop environment on linux , which was immediately adopted and maintained by the free software community beyond the companys end . renamed to gnome files , this application is an early example of cloud storage services and continues to be a centerpiece of the linux desktop environment .
ghost story games , llc is an american video game developer based in westwood , massachusetts and led by ken levine . the studio is the rebranding of irrational games as announced in february 2017 , and while still the same business subsidiary under take-two interactive , the rebranding was considered a fresh start by the founders as they move into more emergent narrative-driven titles compared to the larger titles they had made under irrational .
yale university press is a university press associated with yale university . it was founded in 1908 by george parmly day , and became an official department of yale university in 1961 , but it remains financially and operationally autonomous . as of 2009 , yale university press published approximately 300 new hardcover and 150 new paperback books annually and has more than 6,000 books in print .
helitrans is a norwegian helicopter and maintenance company based at trondheim airport , vrnes established in 1990 . the airline also has bases in kjeller flyplass , lillestrm , mo i rana airport , rssvoll , narvik , langnes lufthavn , troms , alta lufthavn , alta and sauda in norway . the airline offers services within construction , fire fighting , charter and sightseeing , surveillance exercises and other areas .
rdgizmo for you ltd is in larnaca , cyprus . initially manufactured and sold electronic devices based on member ideas and suggestions in a form of wishes . currently the organization is focused on a single project under the name osrc which it designed and created .
cbl & associates properties , inc. is a real estate investment trust that invests in shopping centers , primarily in the southeastern united states and midwestern united states . the company is organized in delaware with its headquarters in chattanooga , tennessee . as of december 31 , 2017 , the company owned 105 properties . the companys name is based on the initials of its founder , charles b. lebovitz .
dana petroleum plc is an oil and gas exploration and production company based in aberdeen , united kingdom . its activities are focused on the north sea , africa and the middle east . it is a subsidiary of the korea national oil corporation and is a former constituent of the ftse 250 index .
integrated dynamics is a private company in pakistan that designs , manufactures and exports various types of unmanned aerial vehicles . id also provides consultancy and turn-key project commissioning for uav systems .
bankwest , previously known as the bank of western australia , is an australian full-service bank based in perth , western australia . formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of hbos plc , it was sold in october 2008 to the commonwealth bank of australia for a $ 2.1 billion and operates as a division of its parent company . bankwest also has offices in adelaide , brisbane , canberra , melbourne and sydney .
adduplex is a cross-promotion network for windows store apps and games . it helps developers reach new users by cross-promoting their apps with other developers on the platform . according to the adduplex website more than 10,000 active apps and games use the network , serving more than 30 million ad impressions every day .
arme construction company has been one of irans and the middle easts largest construction companies .
goldwind is a chinese wind turbine manufacturer headquartered in beijing , china . goldwind was the largest wind turbine manufacturer globally in 2015 . as of 2016 , it was ranked 3rd for onshore and also 3rd for offshore turbine manufacturing by bloomberg new energy finance .
caf rouge is a french-styled restaurant chain , with over 120 sites across the uk . caf rouge is part of a bigger restaurant network owned by casual dining group ltd.
opus energy limited supplies gas and electricity to businesses across the united kingdom . it purchases electricity from wind , solar , hydro , and anaerobic digestion generators , and provides support to develop energy-generating sites . it is headquartered in northampton , united kingdom with an additional office in oxford .
cuisinart is an american home appliance brand owned by conair corporation . the company was started in 1971 by carl sontheimer to bring an electric food processor to the us market . the food processor was the first model , introduced at the national housewares exposition in chicago in 1973 and released in canada in 1975 . in 1986 , cuisinart introduced a chopper/grinder and has since expanded to include a wide variety of products .
printograph , inc dba gotprint.com , inc is a california-based family owned business printing company , it works exclusively in web-to-print and has been completely internet-based since its inception in 2001 . the company is wholly owned by printograph .
current publishing is a british magazine publishing company based in chiswick , london .
lsp technologies , inc. located in dublin , ohio . the company provides laser peening surface enhancement services and equipment , and other laser technologies .
fenchurch is a company and brand of skater clothing , based in acton , london , england . although a new brand , it has become a part of the urban fashion scene .
fake empire productions is the production company that was formed in 2010 by josh schwartz and stephanie savage to develop and produce television series and feature films .
alpao is a company which manufactures a range of adaptive optics products for use in research and industry , including deformable mirrors with large strokes , wavefront sensors , and adaptive optics loops . these products are designed for astronomy , vision science , microscopy , wireless optical communications , and laser applications .
the mit press is a university press affiliated with the massachusetts institute of technology in cambridge , massachusetts .
a spear is a pole weapon consisting of a shaft , usually of wood , with a pointed head . the head may be simply the sharpened end of the shaft itself , as is the case with fire hardened spears , or it may be made of a more durable material fastened to the shaft , such as flint , obsidian , iron , steel or bronze . the most common design for hunting or combat spears since ancient times has incorporated a metal spearhead shaped like a triangle , lozenge , or leaf .
dr. johannes heidenhain gmbh is a privately owned enterprise located in traunreut , germany that manufactures numerical controls for machine tools , as well as mechatronic measuring devices for length and angle . these linear and angle encoders are built for use in automated machines and systems , particularly in machine tools .
national mortgage and agency company of new zealand limited owned a nationwide stock and station agency business originally intended to invest directly in new zealand pastoral activities and lend to other participants in that industry . by the 1960s as well as the export of wool and meat and dealing in livestock it provided grain and seed merchandising , wholesale grocery services including wines and spirits and arrangement of property and other real estate sales .
the waltham watch company , also known as the american waltham watch co. and the american watch co. , produced about 40 million watches , clocks , speedometers , compasses , time fuses , and other precision instruments between 1850 and 1957 . the companys historic 19th-century manufacturing facilities in waltham , massachusetts have been preserved as the american waltham watch company historic district .
maximatelecom is a russian technology company engaged in the development and commercialization of public wireless networks , wi-fi network operator in the moscow metro .
core-mark holding company distributes fresh , chilled and frozen merchandise mainly to convenience stores in the united states . it also provides associated business services such as category management and management of promotions .
john menzies plc is a scottish business established in 1833 . it has two main divisions : menzies aviation and menzies distribution and is listed on the london stock exchange . the company formerly ran high street and railway station shops , particularly in scotland , through a retail division which dealt in newspapers , magazines , books , stationery and other products . this was sold to rival wh smith in march 1998 .
nirma is a group of companies based in the city of ahmedabad in western india that manufactures products ranging from cosmetics , soaps , detergents , salt , soda ash , lab and injectables . karsanbhai patel , an entrepreneur and philanthropist of gujarat , started nirma as a one-man operation . today nirma has over 15,000 employees and a turnover of over rs . 3,550 crores .
di bonaventura pictures is an american film and television production company founded in 2003 by lorenzo di bonaventura , who is well known for producing the transformers films .
mrs. smiths pies is one of the largest frozen pie brands in the united states .
the molson brewery was formed in 1786 in montreal , by the molson family . in 2005 , molson merged with us-based coors to form molson coors brewing company , the worlds seventh-largest brewery at that time . molson-coors canada inc. is the name of the canadian division of the molson coors brewing company . molsons first brewery was located on the saint lawrence river in montreal , where the company continues to maintain its operations today .
digitalocean , inc. is an american cloud infrastructure provider headquartered in new york city with data centers worldwide . digitalocean provides developers cloud services that help to deploy and scale applications that run simultaneously on multiple computers . as of january 2018 , digitalocean was the third-largest hosting company in the world in terms of web-facing computers .
edward preston was a lawyer and judge originally from england who served in the kingdom of hawaii .
perkinelmer , inc. , is an american multinational corporation focused in the business areas of human and environmental health , including : environmental analysis , food and consumer product safety , medical imaging , drug discovery , diagnostics , biotechnology , industrial applications , and life science research . perkinelmer produces analytical instruments , genetic testing and diagnostic tools , medical imaging components , software , instruments , and consumables for multiple end markets .
the show people is an indian film production company established by indian actor arya . the studio has primarily been involved in the production of aryas tamil language films , having worked on films including boss engira bhaskaran and vasuvum saravananum onna padichavanga . arya has also worked as a producer and distributor through the production studio august cinema , where he has worked with prithviraj , shaji nadesan and santosh sivan on malayalam language films .
tunecore is a brooklyn , new york-based independent digital music distribution service , founded in 2005 . tunecore principally offers musicians and other rights-holders the opportunity to distribute and sell or stream their music through online retailers such as itunes , deezer , spotify , amazon music , google play , tidal , and others . tunecore also offers music publishing administration services , helping songwriters register their compositions and collect royalties internationally .
l. inc. is a privately held , california based social enterprise that makes organic and plant-based personal care products . the company has a one-for-one give back model where for every product sold , one is donated to a female entrepreneur in a developing country . l. works with over 2,800 female entrepreneurs in developing countries and has donated 50 million health products in 2017 .
australian motor industries was an automobile assembly firm that was significant in the early history of the automotive industry in australia .
aalst chocolate is a manufacturer of industrial chocolates and compounds , gourmet chocolates and related products . it was established in 2003 in singapore , by richard lee and connie kwan , who are currently chief executive officer and chief operating officer respectively . they are the first chocolate factory to be fully owned and managed by singaporeans .
sportskeeda is an all-sports website , with multinational audience and writers . users engage on the website read , write and post comments , while interacting with like-minded fans from all over the globe . the site covers mainstream sports like football , cricket , tennis , basketball , hockey , formula 1 , badminton , pro-wrestling , mma and boxing , as well as niche ones like kabaddi , squash , etc. it also covers american sports such as football and baseball .
selectv was an australian satellite based subscription television broadcasting service . as of january 2011 , the service is no longer available . services were carried on the intelsat 8 satellite .
green shipbuilders were based in bristol , england , during the 19th century , constructing wooden sailing ships at wapping on the river avon from 1814 , and later at tombs dock in deans marsh and the butts on the frome . the main site , later known as greens dock after the company , was filled in for improvement to the quayside in 1883 , and now lies approximately under the watershed media centre on saint augustines reach .
ta shing yachts is a yacht builder located in tainan city , taiwan . the company was founded in 1957 under the shing sheng brand name . between its founding and 2015 , the yard has delivered over 1,200 custom-made boats . ta shing designs and builds under its own taswell brand , tashiba , shing sheng , orion and also as an oem for mason , baba , panda , skye , mystic and nordhavn . the range includes wooden and fiberglass fishing boats , sailboats , and motoryachts .
clio cosmetics is a company based in gangnam district , seoul , south korea .
mnp is one of the largest full-service chartered accountancy and business advisory firms in canada . mnps head office is in calgary , alberta , and has offices from vancouver island to halifax . with over 4,000 staff , mnp is currently ranked as one of the largest professional service firms in canada .
achema is the largest fertilizer producer in the baltic states . it is located in the city of jonava in central lithuania . in 2011 achema employed about 1700 workers and reached 2.2 billion litas revenues , net profit was 96.3 million litas . the current managing director is arnas laurinaitis .
ross bicycles inc. manufactured over 15 million bicycles under the ross brand , between 1946 and 1988 . the company began in williamsburg , new york , later moving its headquarters and manufacturing to rockaway beach , queens .
delticom ag is a listed company based in hanover . it operates 140 online shops in 42 countries selling car and motor cycle tyres and a range of accessories to both private and corporate customers . delticom is europes largest online tyre retailer with sales of over 500 million per year .
moonee valley coaches is a bus and coach operator in melbourne , australia . as a melbourne bus company , it operates two bus routes under contract to the government of victoria .
genome valley is an indian high-technology business district spread across 600 km in hyderabad , india . it is located across the suburbs , shamirpet , medchal , uppal , patancheru , jeedimetla , gachibowli and keesara , the valley has developed as a cluster for biomedical research , training and manufacturing .
3pd , inc. , based in marietta , georgia , is one of the largest providers of in-home residential delivery and installation services in the united states . 3pd facilitates in-home delivery , assembly and installation of heavy goods , those items like furniture and appliances that may require the service team to enter the home and place them in a specific area or room . 3pd utilizes a national network of contracted delivery carriers and installation providers .
fokker was a dutch aircraft manufacturer named after its founder , anthony fokker . the company operated under several different names , starting out in 1912 in schwerin , germany , moving to the netherlands in 1919 . during its most successful period in the 1920s and 1930s , it dominated the civil aviation market . fokker went into bankruptcy in 1996 , and its operations were sold to competitors .
magnet is a british kitchen retailer operating in over 200 locations across the uk supplying products under the magnet and magnet trade brands . the company has over 2,000 employees and its headquarters are in darlington , county durham . magnet was listed on the london stock exchange and was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index but is now part of nobia uk , a division of the nobia group which is listed on the swedish stock exchange .
chiaphua components group is a supplier of electric motors , actuator systems , transaxles and controls , based in china .
ontario malleable iron company was an iron foundry established in oshawa , ontario by brothers john cowan and william cowan . the factory was in operation from 1872 until closure in 1977 . ontario malleable , along with many other industrial firms in oshawa , enabled comparisons between oshawa and manchester , england such that oshawa was , in the 1920s , referred to as the manchester of canada .
medford knife and tool or m.k.t. is an american custom and production knifemaking and tactical tool making facility founded by greg medford in 2010 in arizona united states .
markov processes international , inc. is a global provider of investment research , analytics and technology . since 1990 , its innovative solutions are being utilized by leading organizations throughout the financial services industry , including : alternative research groups , hedge funds , hedge fund of funds , family offices , institutional investors , consultants , private banks , asset managers , investment advisors and private wealth professionals .
reynolds securities was a publicly traded brokerage firm . founded in 1931 by richard s. reynolds , jr. , the firm was acquired by dean witter & co. in 1978 . the firms tagline , we work for a world of investors . one at a time . was adapted to we measure success one investor at a time and was used by dean witter and later morgan stanley .
parkman group plc was a leading firm of engineering consultants . it merged with mouchel in 2003 .
paspaley pearling company is the largest and oldest pearling company operating in australia . today , paspaley operates a variety of businesses , some of which support the pearling operations paspaley states that it is a strong advocate of environmental responsibility within industry . it has diversified into a shopping mall , an office block , agriculture properties , resorts and a vineyard . paspaley is a family owned and operated business .
nextjet was one of the largest regional airlines in sweden . it was headquartered in frsundavik in solna municipality , just north of stockholm . the airline filed for bankruptcy on 16 may 2018 .
p. a. semi was an american fabless semiconductor company founded in santa clara , california in 2003 by daniel w. dobberpuhl , who was previously the lead designer for the dec alpha 21064 and strongarm processors . the company employed a 150-person engineering team which included people who had previously worked on processors like itanium , opteron and ultrasparc .
jowett was a manufacturer of light cars and light commercial vehicles in bradford , west riding of yorkshire , england from 1906 to 1954 .
ikano bank is a consumer finance bank established in 1995 by ingvar kamprad .
mainline freight was a trainload rail freight operator based in islington , london , england with operations extending to yorkshire in the north and somerset in the west . it was formed from part of british rails trainload freight division as part of the privatisation of british rail . mainline freight , loadhaul and transrail were purchased by a consortium led by wisconsin central in 1996 and amalgamated into a new company , english welsh & scottish .
the philippine educational theater association is a theatrical association of artists and educators . it is the unesco-international theater institute center in the philippines . it is a non-profit , non-stock , non-governmental , and a registered donee institution . it was awarded the ramon magsaysay award in 2017 .
kion group ag is a german multinational manufacturer of materials handling equipment , with its headquarters in wiesbaden , hesse , germany . its principal products are forklift trucks , warehouse equipment and industrial trucks . kion group was founded in 2006 by the demerger of the linde groups materials handling equipment operations . it is the worlds second-largest manufacturer of forklifts measured by revenues .
language connect is a language translation and localization services company . the companys headquarters are in london . it provides a comprehensive range of language services : translation , interpreting , localization , voice-overs , transcription , and multilingual search engine optimization .
standard life aberdeen plc is an investment company with headquarters in edinburgh and operations around the globe . in march 2017 , standard life reached an agreement to merge with the investment company aberdeen asset management . standard life was renamed standard life aberdeen on 14 august 2017 . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
mni - market news is the leading provider of news and intelligence specifically for the global foreign exchange and fixed income markets , providing timely , relevant , and critical insight for market professionals and those who want to make informed investment decisions .
the new york telephone company was organized in 1896 , taking over the new york city operations of the american bell telephone company .
datacard group which became entrust datacard shortly after acquiring entrust in december 2013 provides financial institutions , national governments , corporate enterprises and other organizations with technologies they need to establish trusted identities and conduct highly secure transactions .
the whitby and pickering railway was built to halt the gradual decline of the port of whitby on the east coast of england . its basic industries , whaling and shipbuilding , had been in decline and it was believed that opening transport links inland would help regenerate the town and port . until the turnpike to pickering was opened in 1759 , whitby was better connected to the rest of the country by sea than by land even then the difficult climb over the high moors was an obstacle .
ks oils limited is a leading indian fast-moving consumer goods company in the edible oil market . k s oils has near to 3000 employees spread over its 7 manufacturing plants , marketing offices and plantations in india , malaysia , indonesia and singapore .
picollator - internet search engine that performs search for web sites and multimedia by visual query or text , or a combination of visual query and text . picollator recognizes objects in the image , obtains their relevance to the text and vice a versa , and searches in accordance with all information provided .
j.p. morgan & co. is a commercial and investment banking institution founded by j. p. morgan in 1871 . the company was a predecessor of three of the largest banking institutions in the world , jpmorgan chase , morgan stanley , and deutsche bank , and was involved in the formation of drexel burnham lambert . the company is sometimes referred to as the house of morgan or simply morgan .
telangana housing board earlier known as city improvement board is public sector corporation under government of telangana located in hyderabad , telangana . its activities are to facilitate affordable housing to the citizens of telangana . the board , which was formerly known as city improvement board until 1960 , was conceived by nizam osman ali khan , asaf jah vii in 1911 .
the bangor daily news is an american newspaper covering a large portion of rural maine , published six days per week in bangor , maine . the bangor daily news was founded on june 18 , 1889 it merged with the bangor whig and courier in 1900 . also known as the news or the bdn , the paper is published by bangor publishing company , a local family-owned company . it is the only independently owned daily newspaper in the state .
scitex vision was an israel-based company that specialized in producing equipment for large - and very-large-format printing on both paper and specialty materials . it was part of scitex corporation ltd. the operations of scitex vision , together with rights to the name scitex were acquired by hewlett-packard in 2005 .
kanvas by katin , founded in 1959 and located in surfside , california , is one of the oldest surf shops in california .
au dpart is a parisian trunkmaker founded in paris in 1834 . au dpart , despite being now dormant , is still considered as one of four greatest french trunk-makers alongside louis vuitton , goyard and moynat .
frucor is a japanese-owned beverage company operating in australasia , and headquartered in auckland , new zealand . the company is well known for its v energy drink launched in 1997 , which is sold across the world including europe , south africa and argentina . frucors product , v , is considered a rival to red bull .
the x-fab silicon foundries is a group of semiconductor foundries , with headquarters in erfurt -LRB- x-fab semiconductor foundries ag , is located in the south east industrial area between melchendorf and windischholzhausen . this group specializes in the fabrication of analog and mixed-signal integrated circuits for fabless semiconductor companies , as well as mems and solutions for high voltage applications .
shannon may refer to : shannon shannon , australian hall-of-fame racehorseshannon earl of shannon , a title in the irish peerageshannon index , a biodiversity indexshannon , the information content of one bit .
santa cruz guitar company is an american manufacturer of acoustic guitars , located in santa cruz , california . the company was started in 1976 by luthier richard hoover , who is reputed to have trained some of the most accomplished contemporary luthiers in his workshop , and investors bruce ross and william davis .
workiva is an enterprise software company based in ames , iowa . founded in 2008 as webfilings , its main product is wdesk , a cloud-based enterprise management and auditing software-as-a-service platform that enables companies to create and file financial and compliance reports and documents to the sec and other federal and state regulatory agencies .
farmer bros. co. is an american coffee foodservice company based in northlake , texas . the company specializes in the manufacture and distribution of coffee , tea , and approximately 300 other foodservice items used by restaurants and other establishments . mike keown serves as the ceo of the company .
big rock brewery is a canadian public company with offices and a brewery located in calgary , alberta , canada . big rock distributes its products in alberta and several other canadian provinces .
sunn amplifiers was a brand of musical instrument amplifiers . sunn was based in tualatin , oregon .
rcl foods limited is a south african consumer goods and milling company . founded in 1960 as rainbow chicken ltd , the company has its headquarters in durban , and employs over 20,000 people . rcl is 77.7 % owned by the south african investment firm remgro . in 2017 the company announced it would be cutting its workforce by 1,350 people due to increased chicken imports into south africa from europe and the us following the signing of trade agreements with them .
impinj , inc. is a manufacturer of radio-frequency identification devices and software . the company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in seattle , washington . the company was started based on the research done at the california institute of technology by carver mead and chris diorio .
span developments limited was a british property development company formed in the late 1950s by geoffrey townsend working in long and close partnership with eric lyons as consultant architect . during its most successful period in the 1960s , span built over 2,000 homes in london , surrey , kent and east sussex mainly two and three bedroom single-family homes and apartment buildings .
penalty is a sporting goods company established in 1970 in the brazilian city of sao paulo . the brand is operated by its owner and creator , grupo cambucci . the company manufactures mainly association football equipment such as kit uniforms and balls .
gungho online entertainment is a japanese video game developer . they are primarily known for hosting the japanese server of ragnarok online , as well as their development of ragnarok ds for the nintendo ds . more recently , the company has reported huge financial success thanks to its mobile game puzzle & dragons , which , in 2013 , was reportedly responsible for 91 % of the companys $ 1.6 billion revenues for the year .
the naf neunkirchener achsenfabrik ag is a family run company in neunkirchen am brand , bavaria , germany . naf manufactures axles and transfer cases for self-propelled applications for construction , forestry and agriculture machinery . naf is the market leader for powered bogie axles .
uddeholms ab is a multinational producer of high alloyed tool steel with production in hagfors , sweden . since 1991 , the company is part of the austrian bhler-uddeholm group which in turn is part of the voestalpine ag group since 2007 . uddeholms ab has 800 employees in sweden . globally , the uddeholm group employs 3000 people .
joy global inc. was a company that manufactured and serviced heavy equipment used in the extraction and haulage of coal and minerals in both underground and surface mining . the company had manufacturing facilities in alabama , texas , wisconsin , australia , canada , china , france , south africa and the united kingdom . in 2017 , komatsu limited acquired the company . in 2016 , sales of services accounted for 78 % of revenues , while sales of equipment accounted for 22 % of revenues .
icici prudential asset management company ltd. is the largest asset management company in the country -LRB- as per average assets under management as on march 31 , 2016 of rs . 175881 crores .
hainaut-sambre was a belgian group of steel companies based in the charleroi region , it was founded in 1955 by the merger of usine mtallurgiques du hainaut , and the metal making division of sambre et moselle . the company absorbed another charleroi based steel group thy-marcinelle et providence in 1980 before being merged with the liege based steel group cockerill in 1981 to form cockerill-sambre .
relationship science , an information services business headquartered in new york city , ny , united states , provides a six degrees type of business development tool that helps users see connections between and make connections withinfluential people based on their profiles in the systems database .
the committee is an edm event production group founded in 2006 as committee entertainment by sebastian solano , paul campbell , lukasz tracz , and patryk tracz . at the time all four founders were friends and college students in florida , and they originally started the committee as an informal party promotion team . since then , committee entertainment has founded the dayglow tour series and life in color , an international edm concert company .
cheung hing international electrical products ltd -LRB- -RRB- is a home appliance manufacturer from hong kong with over 35 years history . their manufacturing site is located in mainland china while hong kong office is responsible for customer service and market development .
reliance foundry co. ltd. is a private company based in vancouver , canada . the company was founded in 1925 , and constitutes one of canadas oldest metal casting supplier firms .
ivchenko-progress zmkb , formerly okb-478 and ivchenko lotarev , is a state design bureau for aircraft engines in zaporizhia , ukraine whose products are widely used in both civil and military aircraft , most notably by antonov , beriev , ilyushin , tupolev , mil and yakovlev . also pzl-mielec has used a progress engine in one of their cropdusters .
media sport investment limited was a london-based international investment fund that was headed by the iranian-born , british-educated , businessman kia joorabchian . it has attracted considerable attention for its partnership between 2004 and 2007 of corinthians football club in brazil , and for its involvement in the third-party ownership of players , notably the argentinian forward carlos tevez . the source of the money behind msi was a subject of considerable speculation .
datadog is a monitoring service for cloud-scale applications , bringing together data from servers , databases , tools , and services to present a unified view of an entire stack . these capabilities are provided on a saas-based data analytics platform .
ncc group is an information assurance firm headquartered in manchester , united kingdom . its service areas cover software escrow and verification , cyber security consulting and managed services , website performance , software testing and domain services . ncc group claims over 15,000 clients worldwide . the company is listed on the london stock exchange .
hagerty insurance agency , styled just hagerty , is an insurance company specializing in classic car insurance based in traverse city , michigan , in the united states . the company is the leading insurance agency for collector vehicles in the world and host to the largest network of collector car owners . they have also been recognized as largest insurance agency for collector cars in the united states . revenue 250m .
livemusic is a uk music concert listings website and ticket aggregator . it enables users to compare ticket prices between ticket agents , follow artists to receive email alerts with information on gigs , connect with fellow gig-attendees , and post their own reviews . livemusic has over 40,000 pages of band and artist profiles , and hosts a catalogue of exclusive interviews and videos for popular artists .
go p.l.c. is a maltese integrated telecommunications company . it is a quadruple play provider that offers local and long distance telephone services , wireless services , digital terrestrial television , and dsl internet access . go is based in marsa , malta .
the distillers company limited was a leading scottish drinks and pharmaceutical company which at one time was a constituent of the ftse 100 index . it was taken over by guinness & co. in 1986 in a transaction which was later found to have involved fraudulent activity , becoming known as the guinness share-trading fraud .
the tamimi group of companies , sometimes called the al-tamimi group , is a saudi arabian business house with activities ranging from supermarket chains , hotels , oilfield services & supplies , road construction , power generation to bus transportation and trucking .
calumet specialty products partners , l.p. is a public u.s.-based company , incorporated in 1916 , which specializes in the manufacturing of naphthenic and paraffinic oils as well as aliphatic solvents and paraffin waxes . they own several manufacturing plants in princeton , cotton valley , and shreveport , louisiana , as well as in burnham , illinois , dickinson , tx , karns city , pennsylvania , and superior , wi .
the whitehaven , cleator and egremont railway was an english railway company which built and operated a standard gauge railway in cumberland , england intended to open up the hematite orefield to the south-east of whitehaven . it opened for goods traffic in 1855 and for passenger traffic in 1857 .
contact energy limited is a new zealand electricity generator , natural gas wholesaler and electricity , natural gas , and lpg retailer . the company is the second-largest electricity generator in new zealand , generating 23 % of all electricity in 2014 , and has the second-largest market share of electricity retailers .
black hills corporation is a rapid city , south dakota diversified energy company that is an electric and gas utility in south dakota and wyoming and sells power throughout the american west . it derives its name from its home in the black hills of south dakota .
host europe group is a website hosting , email and domain name registrar company .
the buckle , inc. is an american fashion retailer selling clothing , footwear , and accessories for men , women , and children . the company operates over 465 stores in 44 states throughout the united states of america , under the names buckle and the buckle .
aviabellanca aircraft corporation is an american aircraft design and manufacturing company . prior to 1983 , it was known as the bellanca aircraft company . the company was founded in 1927 by giuseppe mario bellanca .
fresenius medical care is a german company specializing in the production of medical supplies , primarily to facilitate or aid renal dialysis . it is 30 % owned by the health care company fresenius . as of december 31 , 2015 , the number of fresenius medical care shares held by its largest shareholder , fresenius se & co. kgaa remained unchanged at around 94.4 m. this corresponds to a 30.9 % interest in its share capital .
mysupermarket is an independent shopping and comparison shopping website for groceries in the united kingdom . it retrieves price information from multiple online retailers so that customers can compare their prices .
texas homecare was a chain of diy stores in the united kingdom and ireland , which once rivalled b & q , do it all , and great mills . the firm operated from 1972 until 1996 , with some stores lasting until 1999 .
asa resources group is a mining company based in johannesburg and london . according to the companys website , it is the first african-owned and african-managed business to be listed in the resources sector of the london stock exchanges alternative investment market . asa was founded in 1987 .
orkla is a norwegian conglomerate operating in the nordic region , eastern europe , asia and the us . at present , orkla operates in the branded consumer goods , aluminium solutions and financial investment sectors . the companys strategic focus is on growth in its branded consumer goods operations . the group has 30,000 employees in more than 40 countries and a turnover of nok 61 billion .
onechicago is a us-based all-electronic futures exchange with headquarters in chicago , illinois . the exchange offers approximately 12,509 single-stock futures products with names such as ibm , apple and google . all trading is cleared through options clearing corporation . the exchange is owned jointly by ib exchange group , cboe holdings , and cme group .
sanmina corporation is an american electronics manufacturing services provider headquartered in san jose , california that serves original equipment manufacturers in technology-related industries such as communications and computer hardware . sanmina has nearly 80 manufacturing sites . the company is one of the worlds largest independent manufacturers of printed circuit boards and backplanes . the company features in the fortune 500 list , ranked at 414 .
ecoigo is an environmentally conscious london-based company , which offers corporate taxicab , chauffeur and private hire in the united kingdom . in 2011 , jonathan broom sold his shares in ecoigo in order to offer support , advice and investment to startup companies and to build his own home which was featured on grand designs . in april 2014 ecoigo went into administration and was bought by westone cars , which is owned by addison lee .
the electro-dynamic company manufactured electric motors and generators 1880-2000 , principally as a subsidiary of the electric boat division of general dynamics and its predecessors .
subic broadcasting corporation is a zambales-based media network . it is a duly registered corporation under the securities and exchange commission and licensed to install and operate radio and broadcasting stations anywhere in the country by virtue of republic act 7511 , signed in may 1992 .
pilgrims pride corporation , is a now brazilian-owned , multi-national food company , currently the largest chicken producer in the united states and puerto rico and the second-largest chicken producer in mexico . it exited bankruptcy in december 2009 and relocated its u.s. headquarters to greeley , colorado , in 2011 . it is majority-owned by jbs s.a. . pilgrim pride purchased gold nplump for $ 350 million in late november 2016 .
the keebler company is the second largest cookie and cracker manufacturer in the united states . founded in 1853 , it has produced numerous baked snacks . keebler has marketed its brands such as cheez - it , chips deluxe , club crackers , e.l. fudge cookies , famous amos , fudge shoppe cookies , murray cookies , austin , plantation , vienna fingers , town house crackers , wheatables , sandies shortbread , chachos and zesta crackers , among others .
henry robb , limited , known colloquially as robbs , was a scottish shipbuilding company based at leith docks in edinburgh . robbs was notable for building small-to-medium sized vessels , particularly tugs and dredgers .
sarens is a belgian multinational company headquartered in wolvertem , belgium . its business includes , heavy lift , engineered transport , and crane rental services . it produces a variety of equipment including cranes , transportation , gantries , jacking products , and other heavy lifting products .
navy army community credit union is a credit union headquartered in corpus christi , texas , chartered and regulated under the authority of the texas credit union department of the u.s. federal government . navyarmy is the largest credit union in the coastal bend . as of october 2016 , navyarmy has over $ 2.4 billion usd in assets , and over 146,000 members .
blackplanet is an african-american social networking service for matchmaking and job postings it also has forums for discussion on political and social issues . blackplanet was launched on september 1 , 2001 by omar wasow , an internet analyst , who in 2001 was running new york online , a pre-web community he started in 1993 from his living room in brooklyn . it was the brainchild of wasow and community connects ceo benjamin sun .
malaysia marine and heavy engineering holdings berhad is a malaysian owned shipbuilding and heavy engineering industries company . it was formerly known as malaysia shipyard and engineering sdn bhd. mhb has been long involved in oil and gas engineering and construction works . in march 2004 , malaysia international shipping corporation bhd increased its shareholding in mmhe to 65 % , making it the majority shareholder of the company .
gilson brothers co. was a wisconsin-based manufacturer of outdoor power equipment and recreational equipment . it operated independently between its inception in 1911 and its acquisition by lawn-boy in 1988 . the company was probably most well known for its snowblowers and lawn tractors produced from the 1960s through the 1980s .
ralcorp holdings is a manufacturer of various food products , including breakfast cereal , cookies , crackers , chocolate , snack foods , mayonnaise , pasta , and peanut butter . the company is based in st. louis , missouri . the majority of the items ralcorp makes are private-label , store-brand products . it has over 9,000 employees . ralcorp has its headquarters in the bank of america plaza in downtown st. louis .
nathusius investments sp.z o.o. is a media investment company with a focus on diversified b2b publishing and event activities based in warsaw , poland .
perrin paris is a french leather accessories brand with shops in paris , new york city , los angeles , tokyo and hong kong .
el palacio de hierro is an upscale chain of department stores in mexico . the flagship store in polanco , mexico city , which the company calls el palacio de los palacios , reopened in 2016 after an extensive renovation of $ 300 million usd and an expansion of 55,200 square metres . its the largest department store in latin america .
rakuten.com is an e-commerce marketplace based in san mateo , california . previously known as buy.com , it was founded in 1997 by scott blum . in 2010 , it was purchased by japanese company rakuten , and rebranded as rakuten.com .
alexander construction company was a palm springs , california , residential development company that built over 2,200 houses in the coachella valley of riverside county , california , between 1955 and 1965 . the construction of these homes doubled the size of palm springs and caused the city to take on a new shape , direction , and character as an enclave of modern architecture in the mid-century modern style .
the american laboratory theatre was an american drama school and theatrical company located in new york city that existed during the 1920s and 1930s . it was a publicly subsidized , student-subscription organization that held fund-raising campaigns to support itself .
gigaspaces technologies inc. , is a privately held israeli software company , established in 2000 , with its headquarters located in new york city , with additional offices in europe , and asia .
the rosenbauer group is one of the worlds three largest manufacturers of fire-service vehicles , based in leonding , austria . rosenbauer supplies the fire fighting sector in over 100 countries with a wide range of custom fire and rescue apparatus and services . it produces its extensive series of fire fighting vehicles and aerials in three continents , to both european and us standards .
y.o concept is a french racecar constructor based in cornill , brittany . y.o concept produces group cn sportscars under the funyo brand . y.o concept was founded in 1999 by yves orhant .
bridgestone golf is a subsidiary of bridgestone sports ltd , and is based in covington , georgia , united states . bridgestone designs and manufactures a full range of golf equipment , including golf balls , clubs and accessories , utilizing both the bridgestone and precept brand names .
princes group is an international food and drink group involved in the manufacture , import and distribution of branded and customer own-brand products . customers include major supermarkets , convenience stores , foodservice operators , wholesale suppliers and other food manufacturers . princes brands and products span over 20 different categories including fish , meat , fruit , vegetables , soups , pastes , pasta , cooking sauces , edible oils and a broad range of soft drinks sectors .
david michael may refer to : david michael , member of the western australian legislative assemblydavid tibet , british poet and artistdavid moritz michael , composerdavid michael .
red hen press is an american non-profit press specializing in the publication of poetry , literary fiction , and nonfiction . founded in 1994 , red hen is now located in pasadena , california . there are two imprints of red hen press , arktoi books and boreal books .
wpx energy , inc. is a petroleum and natural gas exploration company organized in delaware and headquartered in tulsa , oklahoma .
noyz was an american television network owned and operated by seattle-based blue frog media .
everyclick is a limited british internet company that was formed in 2005 and based in evesham , worcestershire . it provides online fundraising tools for uk charities , donating half of its revenue to such charities .
jio is an indian mobile network operator . jio is the most used sim in india and within 2 years it got 190 million subscribers . jio kicked airtel and others operators like idea and docomo and jio is now number one in india in speed and the reason why jio got so much popularity is its affordable price and it gave 6 months free data , call in 2016 . it brought big revolution and now india is biggest country in data usage leaving behind china as well as the usa .
naugles was a southern california fast-food mexican restaurant chain that existed from 1970 to 1995 . a revived naugles chain was established in 2015 by entrepreneur christian ziebarth , after it was ruled that the trademarks had been abandoned by the original companys successor , del taco .
palo alto networks , inc. is a network and enterprise security company based in santa clara , california . the companys core products are a platform that includes advanced firewalls designed to provide network security , visibility , and granular control of network activity based on application , user , and content identification and cloud-based offerings that extend those firewalls to cover other aspects of security .
amuru sugar works limited is a proposed sugar manufacturing company in the northern region of uganda .
ansvar insurance is a business division of ecclesiastical insurance plc , which is itself wholly owned by the allchurches trust . it is authorised and regulated by the prudential regulation authority , and is also regulated by the financial conduct authority .
ringing bells private limited was a company based in noida , registered on 16 september 2015 . it was later described as a ponzi scheme .
salvatore ferragamo s.p.a. -LSB- salvatore ferraamo -RSB- is an italian luxury goods company , with headquarters in florence , italy . it specializes in shoes , leather goods , swiss-made timepieces , and ready-to-wear for men and women . the company licences eyewear and watches . it is the parent company of the ferragamo group which employs about 4,000 persons and maintains a network of over 685 mono-brand stores , and it runs operations in italy and worldwide .
alz is a stainless steel producer based in genk in limburg province , flanders , belgium . in 2001 the company was merged with french stainless steel producer ugine and in 2006 became part of the arcelormittal group as part of the stainless steel division .
gilchrist is a scottish surname of gaelic origin . in some cases it is derived from the gaelic personal name gille crosd . an irish form of the surname is mac giolla chrost . scottish gaelic forms of the surname include gillechrost , and gillechriosd .
diplom-is as is a norwegian manufacturer of ice cream owned by the dairy group tine . in 2005 , the company produced 51,100,000 litres of ice cream , and held a market share of 53 % domestically . among the most notable own brands are royal , dream , krone-is , pin-up , lollipop , sandwich , pia , gullpinne , gigant and klin kokos . it also produces the franchise mvenpick , mars and nestl in scandinavia .
hennessys was an american department store owned by mercantile stores and was headquartered in billings , montana . when mercantile stores was acquired by dillards in 1998 the 100-year-old name was retired in favor for dillards .
delhaize le lion / de leeuw was a food retailer headquartered in sint-jans-molenbeek , brussels , belgium , and operating in seven countries and on three continents . the principal activity of delhaize group is the operation of food supermarkets . on june 24 , 2015 , delhaize reached an agreement with ahold to merge and form a new parent company headquartered in the netherlands : ahold delhaize .
inphonex is a global telecommunications firm offering telephony services in more than 150 countries . miami-based inphonex serves communications service providers , businesses of all sizes , value-added resellers and consumers , under its own and other brands . offerings include multiple applications , services and utilities , such as volp , hosted pbx , sip trunking , product creation and provisioning .
scripps-booth was a united states automobile company based in detroit , michigan , which produced motor vehicles from 1913 through 1923 .
the shizuoka railway co. , ltd. , also known as shizutetsu is a private railway in shizuoka prefecture , japan . in addition to its railway business , the shizuoka railway company owns large bus and taxi services , a department store , supermarkets , a construction company and real estate holdings .
rt-rk is a r & d company and national research institute that delivers development services and own products in the arena of real time embedded systems , with strong focus on consumer electronics and automotive industry . headquartered in novi sad , with offices in belgrade , banja luka and osijek with over 1000 engineers , rt-rk is one of the biggest development houses in southeast europe .
huf haus gmbh & co. kg is a german company operating worldwide and based in hartenfels , westerwald region , that manufactures prefabricated homes . huf haus is the worlds leading firm in selling houses in the bauhaus architectural tradition based on the german fachwerk design . the construction allows individual floor plans , including for residential as well as office buildings . the homes , also called huf houses , are available as zero-energy buildings .
clews competition machines or ccm for short , is a british motorcycle manufacturer based in bolton , england . ccm was born out of the collapse of bsas competition department in 1971 . the firm has specialised in producing single-cylinder four-stoke dirt bikes .
society insurance is a business insurance carrier headquartered in fond du lac , wisconsin . society has operated as a mutual company since 1915 and has experienced significant growth in the last 10 years , increasing the policyholders surplus from roughly $ 50 million in 2002 to $ 93 million in 2011 . the companys more than 250 employees and network of more than 350 independent agencies currently serves customers in illinois , indiana , iowa and wisconsin .
state street global advisors is the investment management division of state street corporation and the worlds third largest asset manager , with nearly $ 2.8 trillion in assets under management as of 31 december 2017 . the company services financial clients by creating and managing investment strategies for non-profit foundations , businesses , corporations , associations , governments , educational institutions , and religious organizations .
west race cars is a race car manufacturer based in adelaide , australia . it was founded in 2005 by greg steer and a small consortium of sports racer enthusiasts . since 2014 it has become a wholly owned subsidiary of west motorsport australia .
wakaliwood is a nickname for the film industry developing in wakaliga , a slum in ugandas capital kampala . its main director is nabwana isaac godfrey geoffrey , who has been called ugandas tarantino , after the gratuitous violence in his films . wakaliwood is best known for its ultra-low budget ultra-violent movies , such as who killed captain alex ? , tebaatusasula and the upcoming crowdsourced film tebaatusasula : ebola .
zeno-watch is a swiss watchmaker established 1868 , but the zeno name has been in use only since 1922 . specializing in aviation watches , they are one of the few independent swiss watch manufacturers still in operation . their factory is in basel , switzerland .
onell design is an independent toy company and artist collective . they produce the glyos system series featuring the characters pheyden , exellis , crayboth , argen , gobon , armodoc , armorvor , noboto , buildman , skeleden , and various others . the toys are made of interchangeable parts , and hearken back to the durable , small-scale action figures of the 1980s , such as adventure people . the figures can be described as a cross between an action figure and lego .
farmfoods limited is a british frozen food supermarket chain based in cumbernauld . the company has expanded throughout the united kingdom , and has over 300 stores .
starz distribution is the motion picture , animation , television , and home video operating unit of starz inc. , a subsidiary of lionsgate . starz distribution develops , produces , and acquires original programming content , feature films , anime and other filmed entertainment . distribution methods include dvd , digital formats and traditional television .
knoll aircraft company was an american aircraft manufacturer based in wichita , kansas .
kinghaven farms is a thoroughbred horse racing stable founded in 1967 by donald g. bud willmot . located in king city , ontario , north of toronto , the success of the stable would see it expand to the united states with the acquisition of a 660-acre farm and training center near ocala , florida . kinghaven became a father/son operation in 1974 when buds son david s. willmot began managing the farms racing/breeding programs .
vitesse semiconductor was a fabless american semiconductor company based in camarillo , california , which developed high-performance ethernet integrated circuits solutions for carrier , enterprise networks . on march 18 , 2015 microsemi corporation and vitesse semiconductor corporation jointly announced that microsemi would acquire vitesse . the acquisition closed on april 28 , 2015 .
t is the 20th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . it is the most commonly used consonant and the second most common letter in english-language texts .
the chantbou company is a danish company founded in 2005 by per chantbou and his family and based on the idyllic island of funen , an island famous for its former resident hans christian andersen . the company specialized in production of the authentic danish butter cookies .
raheja developers limited , , formerly raheja developers private limited , is an indian real estate development company with its headquarters in delhi , india . rdl was incorporated in 1989 .
the wendys company is an american holding company for the major fast food chain , wendys . its headquarters are in dublin , ohio .
the eppley hotel company was located in omaha , nebraska . at the time of its acquisition by the sheraton corporation in 1956 , it was the largest privately held hotel business in the united states .
rainco is a privately held company in sri lanka which manufactures umbrellas , mosquito nets and rainwear . starting as a home based operation in 1977 , the company today counts four production factories across the island , a workforce of over 1200 and a dealer network of over 7000 .
hammer prints limited was a company founded in 1954 by nigel henderson and eduardo paolozzi .
digital reasoning is an american company headquartered in franklin , tennessee . it offers cognitive computing services to intelligence agencies and financial institutions in the united states .
petitcollin is a french toy manufacturing company . it is the last french factory of swimmers , poupons and traditional dolls still operating . it still manufactures the plastic version of the swimming doll petit collin , production of which began around 1924-26 .
the barbados stock exchange or bse is barbados main stock exchange . its headquarters are in the capital-city bridgetown . the body was established in 1987 by the parliament of barbados as the securities exchange of barbados , and remained known as such until august 2 , 2001 .
the company mtandt is an indian manufacturer and distributor of scaffolding , aerial work platform , cranes , telehandler , fall protection systems and mro supplies . the company was founded in 1974 in chennai , india and was formerly known as madras tools and tackles . location of business are mumbai , chennai , delhi , kolkata , ahmadabad , pune , uttar pradesh , assam , punjab , telangana and andhra pradesh .
ponomusic is a company founded by neil young which sells an audio player , and high-quality recordings . the name derives from pono , a hawaiian word for righteousness .
beijing benz is an automotive manufacturing company headquartered in beijing , china , and a joint venture between baic motor and daimler ag.originally established in 1984 as beijing jeep corporation by baic motor with american motors corporation , it was the first chinese auto-making joint venture with a western partner .
sapphire ventures is a silicon valley-based venture capital company that primarily invests in growth-stage enterprise technology companies globally .
local plus was the trading name of a group of sixty four convenience stores trading in the south west of england , owned by conveco ltd , which was formed when three alldays regional development companies were bought in a management buyout in 2001 . in may 2004 , the group was subsequently brought by the co-operative group .
leatherman is an american brand of multitools and knives made by leatherman tool group of portland , oregon , us . the company was founded in july 1983 by timothy s. leatherman and steve berliner in order to market his idea of a capable , easily portable hand tool with multiple functions . that same year leatherman sold the first multitool , which was called the pst .
faulu microfinance bank limited , commonly referred to as faulu kenya , is a microfinance bank based in kenya . it is regulated by the central bank of kenya . the word faulu is swahili for succeed .
the wellman group is a group of manufacturing companies that make boilers and advanced defence equipment . it is one of the main boilermakers in the uk , if not the most common for large-scale industrial applications , having taken over many well-known boiler companies .
indiepub entertainment , inc. was a publisher of video games based in cincinnati , ohio , united states .
marquette was a brand used on several different automobiles , most recently on buicks companion make .
the actors workshop is one of southern californias oldest film acting programs and is generally associated with the sanford meisner and charles conrad techniques . the company was established by its parent company , shannon & company .
carpenter technology corporation develops , manufactures and distributes stainless steels and special corrosion-resistant alloys , primarily for use in the aerospace , industrial , energy , transportation , and medical industries .
thumbay group , is a uae - based diversified international business conglomerate , headquartered in difc - dubai , with operations across 20 sectors including education , healthcare , medical research , diagnostics , retail pharmacy , health communications , retail opticals , wellness , nutrition stores , hospitality , real estate , publishing , technology , media , events , medical tourism , trading and marketing & distribution . the group is headed by dr. thumbay moideen , who is the founder and president .
b. jain is an indian publishing house with headquarters in new delhi . the b. jain publishing group has six book imprints and also publishes two monthly homeopathic journals , one monthly international journal on homeopathy and a bi-monthly lifestyle and health magazine .
a.d.cotton or parvathi mills limited is a textile manufacturing company owned by the national textile corporation in kollam city , india . the company was founded in 1884 by british citizen a.d. cotton and was the lifeline of kollam before independence . this mill was taken for rent for running by a tamil enterpriser after independence as the land was owned by the kerala state textile corporation at that time . it was later was handed over to the ntc .
intellectual ventures is a private company that centers on the development and licensing of intellectual property . intellectual ventures is one of the top-five owners of u.s. patents , as of 2011 . its business model has a focus on buying patents and aggregating them into a large patent portfolio and licensing these patents to third parties .
accurate miniatures is an american manufacturer of scale plastic model kits . it is owned by collins-habovick , llc and is located in concord , north carolina , united states . their products primarily consist plastic model airplane kits from world war ii , though they also make model kits of planes and automobiles from other eras .
turbojet is the brand name for the operations of the hong kong-headquartered shun tak-china travel ship management limited , which was established from the joint venture between shun tak holdings limited and china travel international investment hong kong limited in july 1999 . it operates hydrofoil ferry services between hong kong , macau , shenzhen and zhuhai , in the pearl river delta area .
bank hapoalim is israels largest bank . the bank has a significant presence in global financial markets . in israel , it has over 600 atms , 250 bank branches , 7 regional business centers , 22 business branches and industry desks for major corporate customers . the banks stock is traded on the tel aviv stock exchange .
peoples energy was the former name of a holding company whose main revenues came from its regulated gas utility subsidiaries , peoples gas and the north shore gas company . in february 2007 , the peoples energy corporation merged with green bay , wisconsin-based wisconsin public service corporation to form the integrys energy group .
htnaturals is a canadian clothing and accessories company based in vancouver , bc . the company focuses mainly on wholesale sales to third party retailers but also operates a factory outlet in vancouver and an online store . founded in 1998 , htnaturals has grown from a fledgling home-based business to a thriving leader in the natural and organic clothing industry .
oregon scientific , inc. is a manufacturer of electronic products including digital clocks , home weather stations , public alert monitors , fitness devices , and electronic learning gadgets . the firm was started in 1989 in portland , oregon , united states . in 1997 , the company became a fully owned subsidiary of idt , a hong kong-based company .
unicer bebidas de portugal , sgps , sa is a portuguese company with the decision center in portugal . its activity is set up on the business of beers and bottled water . it is the largest portuguese beverage company and is also present in the areas of soft drinks , ciders and wines , in the production and sale of malt , and in the tourism business .
simmons foods is a supplier of poultry , pet , and ingredient products based in siloam springs , ar.the companys official name is simmons foods , inc. & affiliates .
bellsouth telecommunications , llc is an operating company of at & t that serves the southeastern united states . it consists of the former operations of southern bell and south central bell . bellsouth telecommunications is a subsidiary of bellsouth corporation which was acquired by at & t inc. on december 29 , 2006 it continues as an indirect subsidiary of at & t as a direct subsidiary of bellsouth .
jai is an indian multinational suspension system automotive company headquartered in delhi , india . it is largest automotive suspension spring manufacturer in india and amongst top three in the world . it produces various types of springs including tapered or multileaf , parabolic spring , lift axle suspension and air suspension system .
the peoples financial corporation is a registered financial holding company in biloxi , mississippi , and operated through its wholly owned subsidiary , the peoples bank , under the bank holding company act at december 31 , 2013 . the company provides government entities , individuals , and commercial businesses with banking , financial , and trust services . founded in 1926 and operating 15 branches , the company is the oldest and largest independent automobile finance company in georgia .
billings clinic is a health care center in billings , montana . their primary and specialty care clinics are located at billings clinic downtown , billings clinic heights , and billings clinic west , as well as in bozeman , columbus , miles city , montana , red lodge , and cody , wyoming . primary care is also available at colstrip , montana . billings clinic hospital is a 304-bed hospital which includes a 20-suite family birth center , a 15-bed transitional care unit , and level ii trauma center .
barclays bank of uganda limited , commonly known as barclays bank uganda limited , is a commercial bank in uganda . it is one of the commercial banks licensed by the bank of uganda , the central bank and national banking regulator .
technical testing center belgrade is a major serbian acceptance testing facility , headquartered in belgrade , serbia . it was founded by federal secretariat of peoples defense of yugoslavia in 1973 .
larson international is a designer and manufacturer of amusement rides based in plainview , texas . the company has designed its own collection of amusement rides , as well as owning rights to rides originally designed by bisch-rocco and sellner manufacturing .
coursmos is an online micro-learning platform . it offers approximately 50,000 lessons within approximately 11,000 courses with courses broken down into smaller lessons , typically no longer than three minutes each . launched in 2013 , it has been attributed as the worlds first platform that supports micro learning .
monami co. , ltd is a korean maker of stationery , printer supplies , office supplies , and pens and other writing instruments . founded in 1960 , it continues to hold considerable market share in its home market , south korea .
la manufacture cogolin , formerly known as la manufacture des tapis de cogolin , is a high-end hand-woven rug manufacturer based in southern france , founded in 1924 .
gtx corp is a technology licensee that develops miniaturized global positioning system tracking technology for a wide variety of consumer branded products .
hornady manufacturing company is an american manufacturer of ammunition and handloading components , based in grand island , nebraska .
de bijenkorf is a chain of high-end department stores in the netherlands with its flagship store on dam square , amsterdam . the chain is owned by the weston family , which also owns britains selfridges , canadas holt renfrew and irelands brown thomas .
komern banka bratislava is a commercial bank operates in slovakia . its wholly owned subsidiary of czech komern banka , a member of the group socit gnrale .
galaxy entertainment group that owns and operates hotels and casinos in macau through its subsidiary , galaxy casino s.a.
sally cruise was a wholly owned subsidiary of rederi ab sally , finland that operated cruise ships on the baltic sea between the years 1986 and 1992 . it was merged into silja line 1992 .
janssen pharmaceutica is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in beerse , belgium . it was founded in 1953 by paul janssen .
bikanervala is an indian sweets and snacks manufacturer based in delhi , india .
the caroli group is a monegasque diversified company . it encompasses real estate development , communication and media .
tm advertising is an independent , female-owned , brand creative agency in dallas , texas .
central national-gottesman inc. is one of the worlds largest distributors of pulp , paper , packaging , tissue , newsprint and plywood . the company employs 2,500 in more than 150 locations in 48 cities across north america and in 26 countries around the world , including 43 warehouses and 53 retail stores .
elscint ltd. was an israeli technology company that developed , manufactured and sold medical imaging solutions , including : nuclear medicine , computed tomography magnetic resonance imaging and x-ray scanners . elscints shares traded on the nasdaq as well as on the tel aviv stock exchange . at its height , elscint was a world leader in the development of medical imaging technologies . most of elscints activities were sold to ge healthcare and philips medical systems .
the opendaylight project is a collaborative open source project hosted by the linux foundation . the goal of the project is to promote software-defined networking and network functions virtualization . the software is written in the java programming language .
servicios ferroviarios del chaco s.a. was a state-owned railway company which operated passenger rail services in the chaco province of argentinathose services had been previously run by the state-owned company ferrocarriles argentinos since railway nationalization of 1948 .
seaboard world airlines was an international all-cargo airline based in the united states . its headquarters were on the grounds of john f. kennedy international airport in new york city .
litmos is a saas/cloud platform for e-learning , also known as a learning management system or lms , based in silicon valley , ca , usa . litmos is used for employee training , customer training , channel training , and compliance training . litmos has over 4 million users worldwide including technology , education , healthcare , retail , construction , public sector , and non-profit companies . litmos focuses on the corporate mid-market and enterprise but also offers plans for small and mid-size businesses .
koninklijke ahold n.v. was a dutch international retailer based in zaandam , netherlands . it merged with delhaize group in 2016 to form ahold delhaize .
citizenshipper is an american online auction-based peer-to-peer shipping marketplace , which aims to connect shipping customers with couriers and transport providers , especially citizens already driving the customers routes anyway . the company matches citizen shippers to couriers and drivers who bid on the right to fulfill contracts .
gregorys coffee is a new york-based coffee roaster and retailer . the company logo is designed to look like its founder , with two mugs for glasses and a full head of wavy-hair .
sapphire technology is a hong kong-based technology company , founded in 2001 , which produces graphics cards for personal computers and workstations , motherboards , tv tuner cards , digital audio players and lcdtvssapphires products are based on amd graphics processing units , and both amd and intel motherboard chipset technology . the company is the largest supplier of amd-based video cards in the world .
gigamon is a privately-held network visibility and traffic monitoring technology vendor . formerly traded publicly , it is now owned by elliott management . . headquartered in santa clara , california , gigamon had 371 employees as of december 27 , 2014 , and 743 employees as of april 2017the companys proprietary products can manipulate and route traffic to various application performance , network management , analysis , compliance and security tools .
american armed forces mutual aid association is a not-for-profit , tax-exempt , member-owned association that provides life insurance and survivor services to the u.s. armed forces communities . in 2012 , membership exceeded 90,000 . membership includes life insurance benefits , member/survivor assistance benefits with no war clause , no terrorist clauses , and no aviation clauses or exclusions , wealth management and trust services .
sakevisual is a developer and publisher of interactive story games such as visual novels and otome games , well known for their otome game re : alistair + + . their games are for windows , macos and linux . sakevisual is a partner of hanako games , winter wolves and tycoon games .
scriptswitch limited , now part of unitedhealth uk , is a software company that develops and supplies a realtime decision support tool to gp surgeries in the united kingdom . its primary product , scriptswitch , is sold predominantly to nhs primary care organisations who use it to provide gps with locally authored information and advice at the point of prescribing which can contain patient safety messages , drug switch recommendations and other information .
changan suzuki is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in chongqing , china and a joint-venture between changan automobile group and suzuki . changan began assembling subcompact commercial trucks under license from suzuki in 1990 , and in 1993 the two companies formed changan suzuki to build licensed versions of the suzuki alto and suzuki cultus .
the godrej group is an indian conglomerate headquartered in mumbai , maharashtra , india , managed and largely owned by the godrej family . it was founded by ardeshir godrej and pirojsha burjorji godrej in 1897 , and operates in noida sectors as diverse as real estate , consumer products , industrial engineering , appliances , furniture , security and agricultural products .
the knight capital group was an american global financial services firm engaging in market making , electronic execution , and institutional sales and trading . with its high-frequency trading algorithms knight was the largest trader in u.s. equities , with a market share of 17.3 % on nyse and 16.9 % on nasdaq . the company agreed to be acquired by getco llc in december 2012 after an august 2012 trading error lost $ 460 million . the merger was completed in july 2013 , forming kcg holdings .
for the economic feature , see bank rate . bankrate , inc. is a consumer financial services company based in new york city . bankrate.com , perhaps its best-known brand , is a personal finance website .
weight watchers international is an american company that offers various products and services to assist weight loss and maintenance . founded in 1963 by queens , new york , homemaker jean nidetch , it now operates in about 30 countries around the world , generally under names that are local translations of weight watchers .
nzz mediengruppe is a media company which deals with the activities related to newspaper , magazine , book publishing and television broadcasting in zurich , switzerland . the company has products for the german-speaking regions of the country .
the original factory shop is a discount department store that was established in 1969 and also trades as tofs . it currently operates over 200 stores across the united kingdom .
thermospas , inc. is an american brand of hot tubs , headquartered in wallingford , connecticut . founded in 1983 , it was purchased by a subsidiary of jacuzzi group worldwide in 2012 and now operates under the name thermospas hot tub products , inc.
warid was a gsm based mobile network operator in bangladesh . it entered into bangladeshi telecommunication industry as the sixth mobile carrier . it commenced commercial operations in may 10 , 2007 . warid telecom , a wholly owned subsidiary of the abu dhabi group , offered mobile telephony service with a subscriber base of over 2.9 million in bangladesh .
the arnold clark group is scotlands largest private company . it began in glasgow , and expanded into other parts of scotland , and also into england . as of 2018 , the company has 200 dealerships and 24 franchises , staffed by around 10,000 people .
century 21 real estate llc is an american real estate agent franchise company founded in 1971 . the system consists of approximately 7,400 independently owned and operated franchised broker offices in 78 countries and territories worldwide with over 111,000 sales professionals . century 21 real estate is headquartered in madison , new jersey .
murray goulburn co-operative co. limited is an agricultural cooperative formed in 1950 from a group of dairy farms and has grown to become australias largest processor of milk . turmoil engulfed the processor in 2016 as the milk price fell below production costs , prompting calls for the board to be sacked or the co-operative to be sold .
the international swaps and derivatives association is a trade organization of participants in the market for over-the-counter derivatives . it is headquartered in new york city , and has created a standardized contract to enter into derivatives transactions . in addition to legal and policy activities , isda manages fpml , an xml message standard for the otc derivatives industry .
so paulo tramway , light and power company , also known as light so paulo or simply light , was a privately owned utility company operating in so paulo , brazil from 1899 until 1981 .
sangean electronics , inc. is an electronics company headquartered in zhonghe district , new taipei city , taiwan , with a factory located in dongguan , china . the organisation is globally active with business units in venlo , the netherlands and santa fe springs , usa . the business units are directly in contact with distributors in relevant areas . it is noted for its shortwave radio receivers and digital-radio receivers .
tandy electronics is an electronics retailer in australia by tandy corporation , later international tandy and in 2001 was acquired by woolworths limited .
silicon studio is a japanese computer graphics technology company and video game developer based in tokyo . as a technology company , silicon studio has produced several products in the 3d computer graphics field , including middleware software , such as a post-processing visual effects library called yebis , as well as general real-time graphics engines and game development engines , such as orochi and mizuchi , a physically based rendering engine .
re/max , short for real estate maximums , is an american international real estate company that operates through a franchise system . the company has held the number one market share in the united states and canada since 1999 , as measured by residential transaction sides . re/max has more than 100,000 agents in 6,800 offices . re/max operates in about 100 countries .
roam is an association at the service of mutual insurance companies for more that 150 years .
vm motori s.p.a. is an italian diesel engine manufacturing company which is wholly owned by fiat chrysler automobiles through its subsidiary fiat group automobiles . vm headquarters and main production facilities are located in cento , in emilia-romagna , italy .
hope cement , formerly hope construction materials , is a producer of cement , concrete and aggregates in the united kingdom , founded on 7 january 2013 . before 1 april 2014 , hope construction materials was the trading name for the two entities , hope cement limited and hope ready mix concrete limited . hope construction materials was acquired by breedon group on 1 august 2016 for 336 million , and renamed hope cement limited . hope ready mix concrete limited remains a dormant company .
nordic semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company . the company specializes in ultra-low power performance wireless system on a chip and connectivity devices for the 2.4 ghz ism band , with power consumption and cost being the main focus areas .
socit des automobiles bellanger frres was a french automobile manufacturer between 1912 and 1925 . the cars were the brainchild of robert bellinger , who had previously sold delaunay-belleville vehicles .
aps payroll , also known as automatic payroll systems , is a u.s. company that provides cloud-based workforce management and human resources solutions for businesses . the company was founded in 1996 . the companys headquarters is located in shreveport , louisiana .
halewood international is a manufacturer and distributor of alcoholic beverages in merseyside .
national jute manufacturers corporation ltd. is a public sector undertaking of the government of india and is headquartered in kolkata , west bengal . it was incorporated under the companies act , 1956 with an objective to takeover six jute mills , the management of which was earlier taken over by the government of india under the industries act , 1951 .
jaypee brothers is a medical publisher based in new delhi , india .
mazzika group , formed in april 2003 , is a vertically integrated multi-content entertainment group , focused on repackaging and distribution of arabic content to arabic-speaking communities and audiences interested in arab-related content .
paramount stations group was a company that controlled a group of american broadcast television stations . the company existed from 1991 until 2001 .
kagara ltd was an australian mining company operating in queensland and western australia . the company was founded as kagara zinc inc in 1981 , and was based in perth . kagara entered voluntary administration on 30 april 2012 . it subsequently went into liquidation in 2014 .
export development bank of iran is irans export-import bank . the bank was incorporated as a policy bank , owned by the iranian government , and provides financial and other conventional banking services to iranian exporters and importers .
atlas entertainment is an american film financing and production company , started by charles roven and dawn steel in 1995 .
broadspeed engineering ltd was a british automobile tuning and engineering company that operated from sparkbrook , birmingham , england , principally during the 1960s and 1970s . it was started and run by ralph broad , and first became well known for its success in campaigning mki bmc minis during the early 1960s . the company also offered a variety of different road - and race-tuning packages for bmc and ford engines .
kenner products was an american toy company founded in 1946 . throughout its history the kenner brand produced several highly recognizable toys and merchandise lines , including action figures like the original series of star wars and jurassic park , as well as die cast models . the company was closed by its corporate parent hasbro in 2000 .
bayrock group is an international real estate development and investment company based in new york . it was founded by kazakh businessman tevfik arif in 2001 .
ares incorporated is an american weapons manufacturer and firearms engineering company co-founded by the american weapons inventor and developer eugene stoner in 1971 . the company is based in port clinton , ohio , and produces fire control systems , turret systems , small arms , automatic cannons and industrial machinery . mr. stoner left the company in 1989 , joining knights armament company in 1990 , where his designs included the stoner 96 , a further refinement of the ares lmg/stoner 63 .
in-q-tel , formerly peleus and known as in-q-it , is an american not-for-profit venture capital firm based in arlington , virginia . it invests in high-tech companies for the sole purpose of keeping the central intelligence agency , and other intelligence agencies , equipped with the latest in information technology in support of united states intelligence capability . the name , in-q-tel is an intentional reference to q , the fictional inventor who supplies technology to james bond .
bawag was a bank in austria founded in 1922 . on october 1 , 2005 , it merged with the separate sterreichische postsparkasse to form the bank fr arbeit und wirtschaft und sterreichische postsparkasse ag , shortened as bawag p.s.k. . in october 2017 , bawag group ag , the holding company of bawag p.s.k. , became a listed company on the vienna stock exchange .
ann summers is a british multinational retailer company specialising in sex toys and lingerie , with over 140 high street stores in the uk , ireland , and the channel islands . in 2000 , ann summers acquired the knickerbox brand , a label with an emphasis on more comfortable and feminine underwear , while the ann summers-labelled products tend to be more erotic in style . the chain had an annual turnover of sex toys .
tokyo laboratory is a theatrical film developing and print production company established in 1955 and headquartered in chfu , tokyo , japan . in addition , the company also processes visual effects and other special effects , conversion from one film or video format to another , subtitling and other titling , telecine conversion , video editing , vhs duplication , and dvd production .
not to be confused with the usine saint jacques in montluonsogerail is a railway rail manufacturer located near hayange , in the lorraine region of france . the company was formed 1994 as a subsidiary of usinor-sacilor - iron production at hayange was established by the de wendel family in 1892 as the usine saint jacques .
levain bakery is a retail bakery that opened in 1995 and is located at 167 west 74th street , on the upper west side neighborhood of manhattan , new york city . in june 2000 a second retail location was opened for seasonal business at 354 montauk highway , wainscott , in the hamptons area of eastern long island and harlem , ny .
rainbowchristians.com is an online dating and social networking website that caters to lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender/transsexual christians .
sita buslines is a privately owned bus and coach operator in melbourne , australia . as a melbourne bus company , it operates 16 bus routes under contract to the government of victoria .
lin digital is an online advertising and media services company based in austin , texas . in 2008 it was ranked no. 1,055 in the top 5000 fastest growing private companies in the u.s. by inc magazine . lin digitals premium display ad network is among comscores top 30 ad networks according to comscore rankings . it aggregates traffic from thousands of top-tier online publishers reaching up to 100 million unique visitors per month .
roominate is a construction set introduced by maykah inc. , a company founded by alice brooks and bettina chen , in 2012 . the product , marketed at girls aged 610 , consists of modular plastic building pieces that can interlock to create models and includes circuits that can be wired . originally funded through kickstarter , the company received an investment from mark cuban and lori greiner during the sixth season of shark tank . in 2016 , roominate was acquired by toy manufacturer playmonster .
titmouse , inc. is an american animation studio that develops and produces animated television programming , feature films , music videos , title sequences , commercials and short films . the studio opened in 2000 , and has offices in los angeles , new york city and vancouver . some of their productions include motorcity for disney xd , metalocalypse , the venture bros. , superjail ! and black dynamite for adult swim .
ferrimaroc was a moroccan ferry company which started services between nador port in morocco and the port of almeria in spain . since 2010 the company has been part of the spanish operator acciona trasmediterrnea .
tianyin pharmaceutical was set up in 1994 and now is based in cheng du , china . the company focuses on biopharmaceutical medicines , famous for its generics , traditional chinese medicines . most of the products are used in internal medicines , gynecology , hepatology , otolaryngology , urology , neurology , gastroenterology , and orthopedics . chengdu tianyin pharmaceutical co. , ltd. is the tpis subsidiary .
d b corp ltd. , informally known as the dainik bhaskar group , is indias largest newspaper group with 66 editions published in 4 languages , trusted by 4.4 cr readers across 12 states . the major newspapers published by the group are dainik bhaskar , divya bhaskar , dainik divya marathi , saurashtra samachar , db post and db star . the group also publishes 3 magazines aha ! .
tropic air is an airline operating scheduled services from belize . founded in 1979 by john greif iii with just a single airplane and two employees , tropic has steadily grown to a fleet of 15 light aircraft . the airline flies to 17 destinations in belize , mexico , guatemala and honduras . the airline also offers various sightseeing tours .
chartered semiconductor was created in 1987 , as a venture that included singapore technologies engineering ltd. yet , it was not until 2000 , that st engineering , a wholly owned subsidiary of temasek holdings wholly acquired chartered .
deep silver volition , llc , doing business as volition , is an american video game developer located in champaign , illinois . the company was created when two companies split from parallax software : volition and outrage entertainment , led by mike kulas and matt toschlog , in november 1996 .
conexant systems , inc. was an american-based software developer and fabless semiconductor company . the company was acquired by synaptics , inc. in july 2017 . they provided products for voice and audio processing , imaging and modems . the company began as a division of rockwell international , before being spun off as a public company . conexant itself then spun off several business units , creating independent public companies which included skyworks solutions and mindspeed technologies .
vntana is an american social augmented reality company .
shree ganesh jewellery house ltd. is a kolkata-based jewellery company founded in 2002 . the company is one of the largest manufacturers and exporters of handcrafted gold jewellery in india .
new york life insurance company is the third-largest life insurance company in the united states and one of the largest life insurers in the world , ranking # 65 on the 2017 fortune 500 list , with about $ 570 billion in total assets under management , and more than $ 25 billion in surplus and avr . in 2007 , nylic achieved the best possible ratings by the four independent rating companies .
c3 entertainment , inc. , formerly comedy iii productions , is an american entertainment and licensing company founded in 1959 by american comedy act the three stooges .
guangzhou automobile industry group co ltd is a chinese state-owned joint stock holding company that owns several chinese automakers .
global village telecom was a brazilian telecommunications company that offers services on landline telephone , broadband for both consumer and business , pay tv and voice over ip . gvt has been in the market since the end of 2000 . gvt today operates under the vivo brand .
zagg inc is a publicly traded company based in midvale , utah . it is best known for its line of protective coverings for consumer electronics and hand-held devices under the brand name invisibleshield .
ferrexpo plc is a swiss-based commodity trading and mining company which has its iron-ore mining capabilities in ukraine . the companys trading office is located in london where it is listed on the london stock exchange and it is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
harry rosen inc. is a canadian retail chain of 15 luxury mens clothing stores . a privately owned company , harry rosen accounted for 40 percent of the canadian market in high-end menswear in 2008 . founded by harry rosen in 1954 , as a single 500-square-foot store in cabbagetown , toronto , harry rosen now operates stores in toronto -LRB- .
genting hong kong limited is a holding company that operates cruise and resort businesses . it is a member of the malaysian genting group and 17.8 % owned by genting berhad . it owns crystal cruises , dream cruises , star cruises , resorts world manila , the lloyd werft shipyards , and maintains a 28 % share of norwegian cruise line . its head office is in suite 1501 of the ocean centre -LRB- -RRB- building in harbour city , tsim sha tsui .
the ingleby company or ingleby farms & forests is a worldwide farming corporation , owned by the british-based swedish rausing family . it owns significant farming interests in new zealand , romania , argentina , latvia , lithuania , the united states and australia . it is based in denmark .
ayngaran international is a film distribution and production company , based in the united kingdom . historically , tamil films from india have been distributed to overseas theaters and for home media consumption by ayngaran . it also operates a chain of retail video stores located in the united kingdom , france , canada , malaysia , and singapore . as of 2008 , the company debuted as an independent film studio , opening offices in india . its first production was karuppu roja .
methuselah is the man reported to have lived the longest at the age of 969 in the hebrew bible . methuselah was the son of enoch , the father of lamech , and the grandfather of noah .
keolis downer is a joint venture between keolis , the largest private sector french transport group , and downer rail , an australian railway engineering company , that operates bus and tram services in australia .
utility trailer manufacturing company is an american truck semi-trailer and refrigerated van manufacturing company , based in the city of industry , los angeles county , california .
mather , dixon and company was an engineering firm in liverpool , england . it was established in 1826 at the bath street foundry to build marine and stationary steam engines . production of steam locomotives began in 1827 .
nishi tokyo bus co. , ltd. is a bus-operating company in western tama area , mainly in hachioji and akiruno , tokyo , japan . it has tama bus co. , ltd. in a subsidiary which once took charge of bus routes in western hachioji area and ome area , and expressway bus routes . although it now belongs to keio group , it was originally a bus section of ome electric railway co. .
bataafse petroleum maatschappij or bataafsche petroleum maatschappij , dutch for batavian oil company , was a subsidiary of the royal dutch shell oil company established in 1907 which extracted and refined oil in the netherlands east indies , now indonesia . the company is the predecessor of pertamina .
broadcast operations group is an australian media company , operating radio stations across various centres across regional new south wales and queensland , australia . branded as the super radio network , stations carry one of two formats a news talk and classic hits format based at 2sm sydney and a hot adult contemporary format based at new fm newcastle .
american realty advisors is an investment advisor registered with the sec and a provider of real estate investment management services to institutional investors . as of december 2016 , the company had usd $ 8 billion in gross assets under management .
grsan is a turkish firearm manufacturing company , mainly focused on manufacturing pistols . its firearms are used worldwide by civilians , police and armies .
aunt lute books is a multicultural feminist press whose mission is to publish literature by women whose voices have been traditionally under-represented in mainstream and small press publishing and distribute literature that expresses the true complexity of womens lives and the possibilities for personal and social change . the publisher has a stated aim to embrace the opportunity to work with and support first-time authors .
pyro mobile is a video game developer based in madrid , spain , established in 2012 as a merger between play wireless and pyro studios , most known for its real-time tactics games series , commandos .
little caesar enterprises inc. is the third-largest pizza chain in the united states , behind pizza hut and dominos pizza . it operates and franchises pizza restaurants in the united states and internationally in asia , the middle east , australia , canada , latin america and the caribbean . the company was founded in 1959 and is based in detroit , michigan , headquartered in the fox theatre building in downtown .
iguatemi is the third largest brazilian firm working within the fields of creation , planning , development , and administration of shopping centers after br malls and multiplan . iguatemi has shareholdings in 16 shopping malls , 1 premium outlet and 3 office towers that account for 657.000 m of gross leasable area . such space is used by 3.004 stores that welcome approximately 10 million customers per month .
quantone , formerly known as decibel music systems , is a london-based music intelligence software company that provides rich , semantic music metadata to developers and media companies . quantone uses technology derived from intelligence gathering services to allow for deeply connected data , storing information on not only artists and their recorded works , but also the relationships between them .
esterline technologies corporation is a publicly traded company that designs , manufactures , and markets specialty products primarily for aerospace and defense customers . the company is best known as a supplier of products and equipment for aerospace companies such as boeing and airbus and for american and allied military forces . esterline is based in bellevue , washington . curtis reusser serves as company chairman , president , and ceo .
arista networks is a computer networking company headquartered in santa clara , california , usa . the company designs and sells multilayer network switches to deliver software-defined networking solutions for large datacenter , cloud computing , high-performance computing and high-frequency trading environments .
knig pipe organ builders , as known as manufacture dorgues knig , is a french firm that designs , builds and restores pipe organs . this organ building family owned manufacture is based in sarre-union , alsace , since 1945 .
jay ward productions , or simply ward productions , is an american animation studio based in los angeles county , california . it was founded in 1948 by american animator jay ward , and was most notable for the rocky and bullwinkle franchise . the jay ward productions library and rights are managed by bullwinkle studios , a joint venture between jay ward productions and dreamworks animation .
intetics inc. , also known as intetics , is a technology company focused on creation and operation of distributed professional teams for custom software development , software testing , systems integration and data processing . the company is in naples , florida and has four development centers in europe in minsk , , kharkiv and kyiv and krakow . the branch offices in wilmette , illinois , dsseldorf , and representative office in london .
ssl , formerly space systems/loral , llc , of palo alto , california , is a wholly owned manufacturing subsidiary of macdonald dettwiler and associates . ssl designs and builds satellites and space systems for a wide variety of government and commercial customers . its products include high-powered direct-to-home broadcast satellites , commercial weather satellites , digital audio radio satellites , earth observation satellites and spot-beam satellites for data networking applications .
teenage engineering is a swedish consumer electronics company and manufacturer founded in 2005 by jesper kuouthoofd , david eriksson , jens rudberg and david mllerstedt and based in stockholm . it is best known for its electronics and synthesizers , with its core product being the op-1 . their products have been well received for their aesthetic value and functionality .
phoenix , formerly known as phoenix nuclear labs , is a company specializing in neutron generator technology located in monona , wisconsin . founded in 2005 , the company develops nuclear and particle accelerator technologies for application in medicine , defense and energy . phoenix has held contracts with the u.s. army , the u.s. department of energy , the u.s. department of defense and the u.s. air force .
zesty.io is a saas cloud-based web content management system that allows users to create , deploy , maintain , and optimize enterprise web properties . it is specifically designed as a content marketing solution provider for mid-market and enterprise . zesty.io also allows for collaborative website building and for users to monitor multiple web properties from a single portal .
inventory locator service , llc is an american company that started the first e-marketplace for aviation , marine , and defense industries . ils has its headquarters in memphis , tennessee , united states of america with relationships globally , especially in north america , through its parent company aviall , inc. , a subsidiary of the boeing company . inventory locator service was started in may 1979 by john williams , founder of the memphis group , an aircraft parts dealer .
webengage is a privately held saas company based out of mumbai that develops marketing automation software for companies . founded in 2011 , it was initially an onsite engagement tool used by online businesses to engage visitors on their website .
del rey books is a branch of ballantine books , which is owned by random house and , in turn , by penguin random house . it is a separate imprint established in 1977 under the editorship of author lester del rey and his wife judy-lynn del rey . it specializes in science fiction and fantasy books , and formerly manga under its del rey manga imprint .
genpact is a professional services firm with key offices in new york city , palo alto , london , hyderabad , and delhi . genpact was founded in 1997 as a business unit within general electric . in january 2005 , genpact became an independent company , and by august 2007 was publicly traded . bain capital became its largest shareholder in october 2012 . in 2016 , the company reported net revenues of us $ 2.57 billion with more than 77,000 employees in more than 20 countries .
niemann foods , inc. is a company headquartered in quincy , illinois , that owns and operates over 100 supermarkets , convenience , pet and hardware stores mostly under the county market , county market express , harvest market , haymakers , ace hardware , pet supplies plus , pick-a-dilly and save-a-lot banners in illinois , indiana , iowa , and missouri . the regional grocery store operator is growing and expanding market share in the central illinois , indiana and missouri .
pearson television was the american-based television production and distribution arm of british company pearson plc.
prestige brands holdings , inc. is an american company that markets and distributes over-the-counter healthcare and household cleaning products . it was formed by the merger of medtech products , inc. , prestige brands international , and the spic and span company in 1996 . the company is headquartered in tarrytown , new york .
rightmove plc is a uk-based company that runs www.rightmove.co.uk , the uks largest online real estate portal and property website . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
jinwoo smc -RRB- is a south korean company that manufactures aerial work platforms , industrial machinery and automation equipment .
carvel is an ice cream franchise owned by focus brands . carvel is best known for their soft serve ice cream and ice cream cakes , which feature a layer of distinctive crunchies . it also sells a variety of novelty ice cream bars and ice cream sandwiches .
mzkt -RRB- is a manufacturer of heavy off-road vehicles , especially military trucks , based in minsk , in belarus it was formerly a division of maz . mzkt civilian trucks are branded volat .
crystal cruises is an american luxury cruise line with its headquarters in los angeles in the united states . crystal and its brand experiences have been awarded many top industry accolades , winning worlds best recognition from travel + leisure magazine a record number of years , as well as honors from cond nast traveler . in march 2015 , former parent company nippon yusen kaisha announced that it was selling crystal cruises to genting hong kong .
rogers drums is an american drum manufacturer . it was founded in 1849 and originally based in covington , ohio . during the twentieth century their drums enjoyed popularity with musicians spanning from the dixieland jazz era in the 1920s to classic rock in the 1960s and 1970s , but was particularly associated with many notable big band and swing drummers of the 1940s and 1950s .
moley robotics is a robotics company headquartered in london , united kingdom . it was founded by mark oleynik in 2015 to create service robots for kitchen use . it is best known for creating the first robot kitchen called the moley robotic kitchen .
bellsouth mobility , llc headquartered in atlanta , georgia , was a bellsouth subsidiary . bellsouth mobility operated wireless networks using many different wireless communication standards . the most widely used of these technologies is called digital amps , or d-amps . data services were provided by bellsouth wireless data , and used the pre-2 .5 g mobitex standard .
cloud cruiser is a cloud-based financial management company based in silicon valley . the companys software manages the finances of cloud computing and traditional it environments . it was founded in january 2010 by david zabrowski and gregory howard . cloud cruiser has offices in roseville , california , san jose , california , and the netherlands .
straightline hdd , formerly straightline manufacturing , inc. , is an american corporation which designs and builds tooling and equipment for the directional drilling industry . the companys products include directional drills , mud mixing systems , air hammers and a full line of down hole tools , wear parts and accessories for all brands of directional drill rigs . established in wichita , kansas on january 1 , 1984 the company was called straightline manufacturing , inc. for its first 19 years .
happier is a social network focused in collecting and sharing happy moments with other users .
sears plc was a large british-based conglomerate . the company was listed on the london stock exchange and was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index . it was acquired by philip green in 1999 .
established in 1986 , minds eye entertainment is a canadian independent production and distribution company . some of minds eyes previous slate and upcoming feature film titles include the action drama the tall man starring jessica biel in a performance as a small town mother investigating the mysterious disappearance of her child that had its world festival premier at the 2012 sxsw festival .
wanz factory is a japanese adult video production company located in the toshima ward of tokyo , japan .
european waterways is an international company based in berkshire , england that operates a fleet of 17 river cruising vessels along the rivers and canals of europe . the company takes old trading barges and converts them into boutique luxury hotel barges .
tulip telecom limited , formerly tulip it services ltd. , is an indian telecommunications services provider .
spread co is a financial spread betting and cfd provider based in the uk . spread co has also established partnerships in other countries including india , spain and the united arab emirates .
etihad etisalat co. is a saudi arabian telecommunications services company that offers fixed line , mobile telephony , and internet services under the brand name mobily . the company was established in 2004 , and in the summer of that year , won the bid for saudi arabias second gsm licence . mobily launched mobile services in saudi arabia on 5 may 2005 , breaking saudi telecoms monopoly in the wireless business .
shiftgig connects hourly workers and businesses through a mobile application . aiming to streamline and modernize the traditional staffing industry , it develops an employment-related mobile application , where employees can claim jobs in real-time . shiftgigs product and business model have been compared with that of both linkedin and uber . the company was listed among business insider magazines 25 coolest new businesses in chicago .
destination gotland is a swedish ferry-line that runs state-subsidised domestic ferries from nynshamn and oskarshamn to visby on the island of gotland . it is a wholly owned daughter company of rederi ab gotland . the fleet consists of four high-speed ro-pax ferries . the transport volumes to the island of gotland is more than 1.4 million passengers and 640,000 lane meters of freight per year .
the solvay process company was a pioneer chemical industry of the united states in the manufacture of soda ash and a major employer in central new york . the company was the origin of the village of solvay .
flir systems is the worlds largest commercial company specializing in the design and production of thermal imaging cameras , components and imaging sensors . based in wilsonville , oregon , united states and founded in 1978 , the company makes thermal cameras and components for a wide variety of commercial and government applications . flir is a component of the s & p 500 index with annual revenues in excess of $ 1.5 billion annually as of 2014 .
invicta bus services was a bus and coach operator in melbourne , australia . as a melbourne bus company , it operated 16 bus routes under contract to the government of victoria .
donecle is a toulouse-based aircraft manufacturer which develops autonomous aircraft inspection uavs . the company offers single uav or swarm of uavs to visually inspect airliners with high resolution cameras . the company works with airlines such as air france industries-klm and is one of the players in the field aeronautical maintenance automation .
kelvin central buses was a bus operator in scotland formed as a subsidiary of the scottish bus group in july 1989 from the merger of kelvin scottish and central scottish , it was sold in a management buyout and in july 1998 became part of first glasgow .
fred segal is a clothing and accessories retail store founded in west hollywood , california . its flagship store is on sunset boulevard in west hollywood .
disneytoon studios , originally disney movietoons and was also disney video premieres , is an american animation studio which creates direct-to-video and occasional theatrical animated feature films . the studio is a division of walt disney animation studios , with both being part of the walt disney studios itself a division of the walt disney company .
the moraitis school is a co-educational private school in athens , greece . it is located in psychico , a suburb north of the greek capital . in student population terms , the moraitis school is one of the largest private schools in athens . its teaching aims at university entry . it has 1700 students and 240 teachers in kindergarten , primary , middle school and high school .
boss film studios was a prominent american visual effects company , founded by visual effects veteran richard edlund after his departure from industrial light and magic , producing visual effects for over thirty films from 1983 to 1997 . before that period edlund had worked at ilm on films like raiders of the lost ark and the original star wars trilogy .
saudia aerospace engineering industries is the maintenance , repair and overhaul division of saudia airlines based in jeddah , saudi arabia at king abdulaziz international airport . with more than 5,000 technical operations employees and 45 maintenance stations worldwide , it provides aircraft maintenance , repair , and overhaul services . saei holds a part 145 faa repair station certificate . it is part of saudi arabian airlines .
road fighting championship is a south korea-based mixed martial arts promotion which was officially launched in 2010 . until december 2016 , road fc held 38 events in three countries - south korea , japan , and china - with a total of 456 professional mma matches .
fujian benz automotive co. , ltd. , formerly fujian daimler automotive co. , ltd. , is a light commercial vehicle manufacturing company based in fzhu , and a joint venture between the german daimler ag , the chinese state-owned fujian motors group and the taiwanese china motor corporation .
the new york shipbuilding corporation was an american shipbuilding company that operated from 1899 to 1968 , ultimately completing more than 500 vessels for the u.s. navy , the united states merchant marine , the united states coast guard , and other maritime concerns . at its peak during world war ii , nysb was the largest and most productive shipyard in the world .
north absheron operating company was an international petroleum consortium based in baku , azerbaijan created to explore and develop the dan ulduzu and ashrafi prospects in the azerbaijani sector of the caspian sea . the company started its operations in 1997 . on march 7 , 2000 the company stopped operations after the management of company considered the contract was not financially profitable .
perot systems was an information technology services provider founded in 1988 by a group of investors led by ross perot and based in plano , texas , united states . perot systems provided information technology services in the industries of health care , government , manufacturing , banking , insurance and others . perot systems was especially strong in health care industries with services such as digitizing and automating medical records .
b2m entertainment is a south korean record label founded in 2010 by gil jong-hwa .
lightspeed venture partners is an american venture capital firm focusing on early stage investments in the enterprise technology and consumer space .
sibir energy is a london-based russian public limited company , whose primary line of business is petroleum and natural gas exploration in siberia . its shares were traded on the alternative investment market , part of the london stock exchange . as of 2011 , it is a wholly owned subsidiary of gazprom neft .
profoto is a swedish company that develops photographic flashes and other light shaping tools for professional photographers . it was founded in 1968 by conny dufgran and eckhard heine in stockholm .
gogovan is an on-demand ride sharing service based in asia , which focuses on transportation of freight and goods in urban areas . steven lam hoi-yuen , nick tang kuen-wai and reeve kwan chun-man co-founded the service in 2013 . the service was initially launched in hong kong , before expanding its services . it operates in five countries in asia , including hong kong , singapore , mainland china , taiwan , south korea and india .
fortune international group is a real estate development , sales and brokerage company based in miami founded in the early 1980s . the company has 18 offices and around 1,000 agents with a revenue of $ 1billion annually . the company is responsible for the development and sales of projects in the area , including jade signature , which received a $ 284 million loan from hsbc in september 2014 to develop the 57-story building , aimed to be one of the most luxurious in the area .
fuze is a provider of cloud-based unified communications as a service . the company is headquartered in boston , massachusetts . vales / .
calstar is a nonprofit regional air medical services company serving california and northern nevada . it is currently the largest nonprofit air ambulance provider on the west coast .
the moulton co-operative society limited , or simply moulton co-op , was a small regional consumer co-operative in the united kingdom . the society was formed in 1861 and operated a single supermarket in moulton , northamptonshire . in january 2009 , members voted overwhelmingly to transfer arrangements to midlands co-operative society , which took effect on 8 february 2009 .
immunocore is a privately owned british clinical-stage biotechnology company , based in oxfordshire , which researches and develops biological drugs to treat cancer , infectious diseases and autoimmune diseases using soluble t-cell receptor technology .
liwayway holdings company limited , doing business as oishi , is a snack company based in the philippines . its headquarters are in pasay in metro manila . as of 2013 it is headed by carlos chan .
the gage roads brewing company is an australian craft brewery located just outside the city of fremantle in palmyra , western australia . it is one of australias largest independent breweries . in 2016 , its new world pale ale - little dove - was awarded the trophy for champion australian beer at the 2016 australian international beer awards . in 2015 , it was runner-up champion large brewery at the australian international beer awards .
founded in 2007 by neha sampat , raw engineering was a software technology company headquartered in san francisco specializing in mobile app and web application development in the cloud . the company develops software solutions and services for mobile , web , and cloud computing . raw engineering focused on helping entreprises and startups alike to deliver apps and websites .
dirtybird is an independent electronic music record label based in san francisco , california . the label was founded in january 2005 by claude vonstroke and specializes in a brand of house music he describes as tech funk . dirtybird caters to dance music fans who are seeking something a little more laid back on the dance floor . their catalog is fun party music that never takes itself too seriously .
regulus therapeutics inc. or regulus is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of first-in-class drugs that target micrornas to treat a broad range of diseases . regulus was established in september 2007 by alnylam pharmaceuticals and isis pharmaceuticals .
nexyz . corporation is a publicly traded holding company headquartered in tokyo , japan . nexyz . corporation controls a group of online media , sales and other companies , with eight offices located throughout japan .
pathway ome is a privately held global precision medical diagnostic company with mobile applications designed to empower physicians and their patients to take control of their health and wellness . based in san diego , california , the company offers genetic testing and artificial intelligence to physicians for their patients to support treatment a variety of health conditions .
naturesave is a general insurance provider , based in england which uses the insurance industry as a vehicle for sustainable development and adheres to the 10 principles of one planet living as outlined by bioregional .
the airscrew company ltd was a british manufacturing company based in surrey manufacturing propellers .
bio pac , inc. is an american company that sells cleaning products in bulk and refillable containers . founded in 1991 , bio pac is 100 % family owned and based in incline village , nv . the company produces non-toxic cleaners such as laundry and dish liquids which are formulated to be biodegradable and for people who are chemically sensitive . bio pac focuses its outreach efforts on sustainability and wilderness preservation . bio pac uses recycled and post-consumer materials in its packaging .
enterprise oil was a major uk independent exploration and production company based in europe , with core areas of activity in the united kingdom and ireland , mainland europe , brazil and the gulf of mexico . the company was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index but was acquired by royal dutch shell .
iqsoft is a software development company with headquarters at ioannina greece . it is experienced in spesialized software for tunnel construction geometrical check and volume calculations tunnelcad and monitiring database for big construction monitoring terramove .
denki is a digital toy factory , based in dundee , scotland . the company is the creator of over 180 individual video games , covering a range of platforms . denki is one of a very few companies worldwide to have worked extensively in the digital interactive television market , with the majority of their titles created specifically for ditv platforms .
double mountain brewery & taproom is a brewery and pub based in hood river , oregon , united states . the company was founded in 2007 . double mountains beers are distributed in the pacific northwest , the los angeles area , and new jersey .
berendsen plc was a major british-based provider of textile maintenance services with headquarters in london . in september 2017 the french company elis completed the acquisition of berendsen .
the bond exchange of south africa was a south african bond exchange based in johannesburg that was acquired by jse limited in 2009 . prior to its acquisition it was constituted as a public company , and was responsible for operating and regulating the debt securities and interest rate derivatives markets in south africa .
alpha industries is an american clothing manufacturer founded in 1959 in knoxville , tennessee . initially as a contractor to the united states military , the company grew into an international commercial seller of american military style and fashion apparel . alpha makes items such as flight jackets and vests , and has made jackets for the military of the united states like the m65 jacket for over half a century . the jackets are made for men and women , as well as children .
the alberta wheat pool was the first of canadas wheat farmer co-operatives in 1923 .
radical axis is an animation studio headquartered in atlanta , georgia , united states known for its diverse work in both episodic television and commercials . founded in 2000 by scott fry , an original animator on aqua teen hunger force for adult swim , radical axis has since become one of the fastest growing studios in the southeast .
kaze net co. , ltd. is a video game developer headquartered in aoyama , tokyo , japan . founded on february 2 , 1987 , kaze is well known for developing various pachinko and pinball video games . their services include the development of web sites , system consulation , and it consulation . the planning , producing , and management of cell phones is another one of kazes secondary businesses as a part of their diverse business plan .
gathering of developers , inc. was an american video game publisher based in new york city . founded by mike wilson and associates in january 1998 , originally based in dallas , texas , the company was acquired by take-two interactive in may 2000 . between may 2000 and march 2001 , gathering of developers also operated a division , on deck interactive , which acted as their mass market label .
pacific drilling is an offshore ultra-deepwater drilling company . it is listed on the new york stock exchange , trading as pacd .
steinberg gmbh is a german musical software and equipment company based in hamburg . it mainly produces music recording , arranging and editing software as used in digital audio workstations and vsti software synthesizers . steinberg is a wholly owned subsidiary of yamaha .
trackdown is an independent australian audio post and music services facility , for the film , television , music and multimedia industries . founded in 1984 by simon leadley and geoff watson . it provides dedicated music editing services for feature films . the facilities include a purpose-built orchestral scoring stage , 5.1 control room , adr and foley recording studios , 5.1 film pre-mix rooms , 5.1 mix rooms and five protools edit suites .
wayback burgers , previously known as jakes wayback burgers , is an american fast casual restaurant chain based in cheshire , connecticut . wayback serves typical hamburger restaurant foods such as hamburgers , hot dogs , chicken sandwiches , milkshakes and salads along with a variety of regional selections .
greyhound australia is australias only long national distance coach operator running services in all mainland states and territories . it is owned by kordamentha and the chapman group .
futura gael was an airline based in dublin , ireland , wholly owned by futura international airways , operating charter flights to mediterranean countries , eastern europe and egypt .
kahns is an american meat processing and distribution company established in cincinnati , ohio .
number nine visual technology corporation was a manufacturer of video graphics chips and cards from 1982 to 1999 . number nine developed the first 128-bit graphics processor , as well as the first 256-color and 16.8 million color cards . the name of the company , as well as many of its products refer to beatles songs .
devils canyon brewing company is an american brewery established in 2001 by chris garrett in an unincorporated section of belmont , california on the san francisco peninsula , usa .
spacelabs healthcare is an american manufacturer of medical equipment and is a wholly owned subsidiary of osi systems of hawthorne , california and offers products and services from three divisions : patient monitoring and connectivity , anesthesia delivery and diagnostic cardiology . the company headquarters are in snoqualmie , washington state and it employs over one thousand people around the world .
schlecker was a german retail company with headquarters in ehingen which once had a workforce of some 52,000 . there were stores across europe including germany , austria , the czech republic , luxembourg , portugal , poland , france , spain and italy . schlecker announced the closure of half its shops across germany with effect from 29 february 2012 .
red frog events , llc is a privately owned event production company founded in 2007 and based in chicago , illinois . the companys current events and services include warrior dash , firefly music festival , shamrockfest , american beer classic , eventsprout , and red frog food and beverage . the company is known for its events and services in the experiential entertainment industry and its company culture .
aqua america is a water and wastewater utility company that serves about 3 million people in pennsylvania , ohio , north carolina , illinois , texas , new jersey , indiana and virginia . the company provides drinking water and wastewater treatment infrastructure and services . the company began in pennsylvania and remains headquartered in bryn mawr .
cross river bank , inc. is a u.s. state-chartered commercial banking corporation , headquartered in fort lee , new jersey , u.s. the bank which is an fdic member and an equal housing lender operates under a new jersey charter .
frikom is a serbian maker of ice cream , which also sells frozen fruit , vegetables , fish , and pastries .
radio france is a french public service radio broadcaster .
radical studios was an american multimedia studio . it had branches in feature films , television , physical and digital publishing , merchandise , recorded music , digital and online media applications and mobile and social games .
fryers is an international fast food chain focused on hamburgers , fried chicken , french fries , and milkshakes . its headquarters in the richmond , bc area . it is currently owned and operated by fryers international , inc. fryers restaurant has evolved since its establishment in 1989 in richmond , bc , and between 1989 and 2002 , the chain expanded to 46 locations scattered throughout north america .
lokaltog a/s is a danish railway company responsible for train operation and related passenger services on nine local railways on the islands of zealand , lolland and falster in denmark . the company was formed on 1 july 2015 as a merger of lokalbanen a/s and regionstog a/s . movia owns a part of lokaltog , whereas buses are owned by companies , subcontractors , that are paid by this transit agency to drive according to contract .
international coal group , inc. , is a company headquartered in teays valley , west virginia that was incorporated in may 2004 by wl ross & co for the sole purpose of acquiring certain assets of horizon . icg eventually operated 12 mining complexes in northern and central appalachia and one complex in the illinois basin . in november 2005 icg had a stock offering on the new york stock exchange . in 2011 icg became a subsidiary of arch coal , inc in 2011 .
chicken delight is a chain of restaurants offering eat in , take out , and delivery service with a menu featuring chicken , pizza and ribs . based in winnipeg , the chain mostly has outlets in that city and throughout manitoba . although as of 2018 six chicken delight restaurants are located in the new york metro area , none of these are included in the corporate web site list of franchise locations .
idea cellular is an indian mobile network operator based at mumbai , maharashtra . idea is a pan-india integrated gsm operator offering 2g , 3g and 4g mobile services . idea is indias largest mobile operator along with merged entity vodafone by subscriber base . idea has 196.49 million subscribers as of 31 december 2017 .
design hotels ag is a publicly traded company providing hospitality services to a network of over 300 independently owned small boutique and luxury hotels in over 50 countries worldwide . the firm maintains offices in london , barcelona , new york city and singapore in addition to its headquarters in berlin .
four square is a chain of supermarkets in new zealand that was founded by john heaton barker . it has 280 stores throughout new zealand , mostly in small towns . a number of four square supermarkets are also operated in australia .
the dusit thani group of companies , also known as dusit international is a thai multinational hospitality company headquartered in bangkok , thailand . dusit international has 29 hotels and resorts in 18 countries . founded by thanpuying chanut piyaoui in 1948 , the company is now led by suphajee suthumpun .
kukri sports ltd is an international sportswear brand specialising in manufacturing bespoke sportswear for over 100 sports , including rugby league , rugby union , netball , hockey , cricket and football . the name kukri is taken from a well travelled rugby team , the flying kukris , who were inspired by the gurkhas and their kukri knife .
coffee house press is a nonprofit independent press based in minneapolis , minnesota . the presss goal is to produce books that celebrate imagination , innovation in the craft of writing , and the many authentic voices of the american experience . it is widely considered to be among the top five independent presses in the united states and has been called a national treasure . the press publishes literary fiction , nonfiction , and poetry .
caldera was a us-based software company founded in 1994 to develop linux - and dos-based operating system products .
iid , previously internet identity , was a privately held internet security company based in tacoma , washington , united states . iid was acquired in an all-cash transaction by infoblox on february 8 , 2016 . it primarily provides cyberthreat data , a platform to exchange cyberthreat data , and anti-phishing , malware and domain control security services to us federal government agencies , financial service firms , and e-commerce , social networking and internet service provider companies .
royal boskalis westminster n.v. is dutch dredging and heavylift company that provides services relating to the construction and maintenance of maritime infrastructure internationally . the company has one of the worlds largest dredging fleets , a large stake in smit international and owns dockwise , a large heavylift shipping company . as of 2018 , boskalis employs around 10,700 employees and 900 ships . they operate in over 75 countries in six continents .
aro was a romanian off-road vehicle manufacturer located in cmpulung . the first aro vehicles were produced in 1957 , and the last in 2003 . for a short while , daihatsu-powered aros were sold in spain and produced in portugal under the brands hisparo and portaro , respectively . in italy , volkswagen-powered aros were produced by aro-ciemme and sold under the acm brand .
sauce labs is an american cloud-hosted , web and mobile application automated testing platform company based in san francisco , california .
black eye productions was a short-lived but influential canadian comic book publishing company founded by michel vrana . under the auspices of vrana , black eye was known as a publisher of artfully designed alternative comics and graphic novels , most of whose cartoonists have gone on to successful careers with fellow canadian publisher drawn and quarterly . vrana still acts as drawn and quarterlys exclusive outside design consultant .
the cooper companies , inc. is an american company in the medical specialities sector . with its headquarters in pleasanton , california , it has over 8,000 employees and consists of two subsidiaries , coopervision that provides contact lenses for both wearers and practitioners , and coopersurgical that provides products for health care professionals and establishments that are involved in womens health care .
mccain foods limited is a canadian multi-national privately owned company established in 1957 in florenceville , new brunswick , canada . it is the worlds largest manufacturer of frozen potato products . its major competitors are simplot and conagra .
carvana is a technology business start-up based in phoenix , arizona . it is an online-only used car dealer that allows customers to shop , finance , and trade in cars through their website . it was founded in 2012 as a subsidiary of drivetime and was spun out in 2014 it held an ipo in 2017 and ernest garcia ii , the chairman of drivetime , was the largest shareholder at the time .
weatherbys is a privately owned english company , established 1770 , and currently based in wellingborough , northamptonshire . the company provides british horse racing with its central administration under contract to the british horseracing authority , acts as its bank and maintains the thoroughbred breed register .
wilton-fijenoord was a shipbuilding and repair company in schiedam in the netherlands from 1929 to 1999 . presently , the shipyard of wilton-feijnoord is part of damen shiprepair rotterdam .
washington federal is a washington corporation headquartered in seattle , washington . the company is a bank holding company that conducts its operations through a federally insured national bank subsidiary , washington federal , national association . founded on april 24 , 1917 , as ballard savings and loan , it kept the name of bothells washington federal savings and loan after merging with it in 1958 .
field enterprises , inc. was a private holding company that operated from the 1940s to the 1980s , founded by marshall field iii and others , whose main assets were the chicago sun and parade magazine . for various periods of time , field enterprises also owned publishers simon & schuster and pocket books , broadcaster field communications , and the world book encyclopedia . it also operated a syndication service , field newspaper syndicate , whose most popular offering was the comic strip steve canyon .
rockwell automation , inc. , is an american provider of industrial automation and information products . brands include allen-bradley and rockwell software . headquartered in milwaukee , wisconsin , rockwell automation employs over 22,000 people and has customers in more than 80 countries worldwide . the fortune 500 company reported fiscal year 2017 global sales at $ 6.3 billion .
office depot , inc. is an american office supply retailing company headquartered in boca raton , florida , united states . the company has combined annual sales of approximately $ 14 billion , and employs about 66,000 associates with businesses in 59 countries . the company operates 2,200 retail stores , e-commerce sites and a business-to-business sales organization . the companys portfolio of brands includes office depot , officemax , grand & toy , viking direct , ativa , tul , foray , realspace , and divoga .
slab-o-concrete productions was a british mail order distributor and publisher , founded by peter pavement , dave hanna , emma copsey , and chris tappenden operating mostly in brighton and hove during the 1990s . initially selling british small press comics and zines , slab-o-concrete also imported publications from the united states , australia , and europe . slab-o-concrete was originally based in sheffield it moved to hove in 1995 .
gamble-skogmo inc. was a conglomerate of retail chains and other businesses that was headquartered in st. louis park , minnesota .
falconbridge limited was a toronto , ontario-based natural resources company with operations in 18 countries , involved in the exploration , mining , processing , and marketing of metal and mineral products , including nickel , copper , cobalt , and platinum . it was listed on the tsx and nyse , and had revenue of us $ 6.9 billion in 2005 . in august 2006 , it was absorbed by swiss-based mining company xstrata , which had formerly been a major shareholder .
career point ltd is an indian publicly listed education company based in kota , rajasthan , the hub of coaching in india .
inspired media entertainment , also known as left behind games , was a christian-themed gaming company most notable for its work on left behind : eternal forces . the company closed their office , shut down operations , and laid off all of their employers at the end of 2011 .
the sarawak energy berhad is the company responsible for the generation , transmission and distribution of electricity for the state of sarawak in malaysia . it is wholly owned by the state government of sarawak . as of may 2016 , sarawak energy had about 600,000 customers in the state .
blue cross blue shield of massachusetts is a state licensed private health insurance company under the blue cross blue shield association with headquarters in boston .
kistler group , with headquarters in winterthur , is an internationally active swiss group of companies specializing in the field of measurement technology . with more than 30 group companies , the kistler group is represented at 61 locations in over 30 countries and , although owner-managed , is organized as a listed company . the kistler group employs some 1860 members of staff and generated revenue of 422 million swiss francs in 2017 .
boralex is a power producer whose core business is dedicated to the development , building and operation of renewable energy power facilities . in 2016 , the corporation was operating an asset base with an installed capacity of almost 1,400 mw in canada , the northeastern united states and france . the firm was created in 1990 as a joint venture between the leaders of three companies : laduboro , albany oil and exar .
hlb international is an international network of independent professional accounting firms and business advisors , comprising member firms in 150 countries . hlb international member firms offer audit , accounting , tax and business advisory services . hlb international is a leading mid-tier accounting network . as of 1 january 2011 the network has a total worldwide revenue of us $ 2.37 billion . hlb international is a member of the forum of firms .
cross is a japanese adult video studio located in tokyo at the ebisu garden place tower .
augenblick studios is an independent animation studio founded in 1999 by aaron augenblick , and located in brooklyn , new york city . the company has created a wide array of animated shorts for television , film , and the internet , with a target audience typically being adults . their clients include cartoon network , comedy central , adult swim , the ted conference , pbs , mtv , and nickelodeon . the studio is responsible for much of the animated content on mtv2s wonder showzen .
summit helicopters is a canadian aviation company that provides charter services throughout remote areas of western and northern canada as well as the united kingdom and indonesia . summit helicopters is a member of the ledcor group of companies and is a sister company to summit air . summit helicopters operates 6 different types of helicopters and they are all equipped with onboard satellite phone , portable phone , next generation satellite tracking , and transport canada approved medevac kit .
tatts group is active in the wagering , lotteries and gaming industries with an operational footprint extending across every state and territory of australia except western australia , and throughout new zealand .
tata chemicals limited is an indian global company with interests in chemicals , crop nutrition and consumer products headquartered in mumbai , india . the company is one of the largest chemical companies in india with significant operations in india and africa . tata chemicals is a subsidiary of tata group conglomerate . tata chemicals has been ranked 1st in 2017 responsible business rankings -LSB- 1 -RSB- developed by iim udaipur .
koehler instrument , or koehler , is a us company which provides petroleum and petrochemical testing equipment and technical support services to testing laboratories worldwide . the companys corporate headquarters is in holtsville , ny and the manufacturing headquarters is in bohemia , ny.koehler instrument company offers a full line of instruments for testing biofuels , fuels , lubes , greases as well as an extensive selection of tribology or wear testing instruments .
maple leaf wrestling was the unofficial name in the 1970s and 1980s of the professional wrestling promotion run by frank tunney in toronto , ontario , canada .
western products is an american brand name for snow plows and other professional snow removing equipment manufactured by western welding and manufacturing . the company also manufactures a variety of truck-mounted sand and salt spreaders , snowplow replacement parts and snow removal accessories . western products employs approximately 250 people at its manufacturing facility in milwaukee , wisconsin .
the barrington griffiths watch company , based in calgary , alberta , canada , is a designer and manufacturer of limited edition wristwatches using recycled swiss movements . the design of their modern classic watch was inspired by the 1940s mechanical movement used in its construction . the barrington griffiths watch company is one of only a few companies making wristwatches in canada .
mcconnell dowell is a major infrastructure construction company founded in new zealand in 1961 . in 2003 it became a wholly owned subsidiary of aveng , which is listed on the johannesburg stock exchange in south africa . mcconnell dowell operates in new zealand , australia , asia and the middle east .
chevrolet europe gmbh was a subsidiary company of gm korea , founded in 2005 , with headquarters in zrich , switzerland . it provided chevrolet brand automobiles most of which was made in south korea to the european market .
employers and employees founded the development fund of the swedish construction industry jointly in 1983 . sbuf is the construction industrys organisation for research and development with approximately 5,000 affiliated companies in sweden . sbuf aims to promote development in the building process to create more businesslike conditions for contractors enabling them to make use of research and conduct development work .
the altx east africa exchange is a stock exchange in uganda . the altx operates under the jurisdiction of ugandas capital markets authority , which in turn reports to the government of uganda .
supervalu pharmacies , inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of eden prairie , minnesota-based supervalu . supervalu pharmacy operates 950 pharmacies in shop n save , hornbachers , farm fresh food & pharmacy and cub foods stores .
evolution group plc is a leading british-based financial services business . it is headquartered in london and is a former constituent of the ftse 250 index . it was acquired by investec in 2011 .
luxconnect is a private company created under the initiative of the luxembourg government in 2006 . its primary objectives are : the improvement of the national dark fiber networkthe building and operation of state of the art data centers . luxconnects headquarter is located in bettembourg , 4 rue a. graham bell , which is about 20 km south from luxembourg city .
the british railways board was a nationalised industry in the united kingdom that operated from 1963 to 2001 . until 1997 it was responsible for most railway services in great britain , trading under the brand name british railways and , from 1965 , british rail . it did not operate railways in northern ireland , where railways were the responsibility of the government of northern ireland .
value drug mart is a western canada drug store serving over 35 locations throughout alberta and british columbia .
vugo is an application software company that develops an -RSB- rideshare advertising platform to be used in vehicles for transportation network companies such as uber , lyft and sidecar . headquartered in minneapolis , minnesota , the company is the first to develop in-car advertising for the rideshare marketplace .
clandestine industries is a clothing company owned by pete wentz of fall out boy and partners . the products used to be sold on https://web.archive.org/web/20100812102447/http://www.clandestineindustries.com/ until the website was shut down or alongside fall out boy merchandise at shows . the official social media websites also appear to have been abandoned , due to no posts having been added since 2012 .
standard chartered uganda , whose official name is standard chartered bank uganda limited but is often referred to as stanchart uganda , is a commercial bank in uganda . it is one of the banks licensed by the bank of uganda , the central bank and national banking regulator .
the western sugar cooperative is a grower owned american agricultural cooperative .
paramount domestic television was the television distribution arm of american television production company paramount television , once the tv arm of paramount pictures . it was formed in 1982 originally as paramount domestic television and video programming , the successor to paramount television domestic distribution , paramount television sales , and desilu sales .
godfreys are a niche appliance retailer based in australia and new zealand that primarily sell vacuum cleaners .
axminster carpets ltd are an axminster , devon based english manufacturer of carpets , particularly the same-named axminster carpets .
the artificial insemination centre of quebec is a limited partnership society founded in 1948 located in saint-hyacinthe , quebec , canada with the mission of improving through artificial insemination bovine herds used in milk and meat production throughout the province .
itera international group of companies controlled by russian businessman igor makarov headquartered in moscow , russia , with parent companies of the group registered in cyprus . its subsidiaries are involved in the energy industry , civil and industrial engineering , and finance and insurance .
propertypro.ng is a nigeria web-based platform for property rentals and sales . the company was founded in february 2013 with a vision of re-organizing the rental market in nigeria that was soiled as a result of trust issues and fraud . in a bid to tackle the trust and fraud issues , the company created a system that exercises a lot of control on how participating agents offer their services .
the linford group was a construction company in england which specialises in the restoration of historic buildings . its headquarters was in lichfield , staffordshire .
the adecco group north america , based in jacksonville , florida , provides professional recruiting , staffing , consulting and business services to various industries in the united states , canada , the united kingdom , europe , australia and asia . for 2009 , it ranked 839th on the fortune 1000 . formerly mps group inc. , its brands are a subsidiary of the swiss firm adecco group .
lattice engines is a technology provider that delivers predictive marketing and sales cloud applications to business-to-business companies . the company is privately held and backed by nea and sequoia capital . its headquartered in san mateo , ca and has offices in austin , boston , new york and beijing .
notion press is a self-publishing company based in chennai , india . the company focuses on publishing , book printing and distribution options to both authors and publishers from around the world . since inception it has published over 2000 authors , and sold books in over 100 countries . .
jamea al kauthar is an independent academic girls establishment in lancaster , lancashire , england , educating girls in a muslim tradition over the age of eleven . jamea al kauthar started with 60 pupils in 1996 and currently has up to 450 students .
laptopmd is a new york-based it service with across the tri-state area . launched in 1999 by arthur zilberman , the service provides repair for most devices , including computers , laptops , smartphones , tablets and more . the flagship office is located on 35th street between 7th and 8th avenues , next to penn station . because of its location , tourists tend to rely heavily on laptopmd and staff members speak english , spanish , russian , hungarian , polish , ukrainian and tatar .
fca bank , a joint venture between fiat chrysler automobiles italy s.p.a. and crdit agricole consumer finance s.a is a bank dedicated to motorists , which mainly operates in the automotive financing sector and cooperates with prestigious automotive brands as well as motorhome and caravan manufacturers .
the theodore presser company is an american music publishing and distribution company located in king of prussia , pennsylvania and formerly based in bryn mawr , pennsylvania . it is the oldest continuing music publisher in the united states . it has been owned by carl fischer music since 2004 .
united artists records was a record label founded by max e. youngstein of united artists in 1957 to issue movie soundtracks . the label expanded into other genres , such as jazz , pop , and r & b.
royal floraholland , legally koninklijke coperatieve bloemenveiling royal floraholland u.a. , is a dutch conglomerate of florists . it is one of the largest auction companies in the world . royal floraholland is headquartered in aalsmeer , with locations in naaldwijk , rijnsburg and eelde .
overdrive pc is a privately held computer manufacturer located in richmond , va , specializing in extreme high-end computers . overdrive pcs product line includes gaming systems , notebooks , and digital media creation workstations . overdrive pc claims to offer some of the fastest gaming pcs in the world through their exclusive hyperclocking technology which allows them the overclock parts far beyond factory settings while still maintaining stability .
v is the 22nd letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
doosan babcock ltd is part of doosan power systems s.a. , a subsidiary of doosan heavy industries & construction . it is a power sector oem , construction , upgrade and after-market services company that offers specialist services and technologies to the fossil-fired power generation , nuclear power generation , and oil , gas and petrochemical industries . doosan babcocks main headquarters are in crawley , england . european headquarters are in renfrew , scotland .
isagenix international llc is a privately held multi-level marketing company that sells dietary supplements and personal care products . the company , based in gilbert , arizona , was founded in 2002 by john anderson , jim coover , and kathy coover . as of 2013 the company reported having over 200,000 active sales associates . in 2012 , the company reported revenues of approximately $ 335 million .
bad dragon enterprises , inc. is an american manufacturer of fantasy-themed sex toys . products are sold online and at conventions .
strongboard balance is an american fitness equipment brand used by athletes , personal trainers and in gyms across north america .
stealth communications is an american fiber-based internet service provider , installing and maintaining its own fiber optic network throughout new york city . stealth began rolling out its gigabit internet services in late 2013 to businesses throughout manhattan , using in-house employees to lay its own fiber-optic cabling .
embassy golflinks business park is a software centric commercial park in bangalore , karnataka , india . it spreads across 65 acres is located off the inner ring road . embassy golflinks is the flagship project of the embassy group , or embassy property developments private limited , a residential and commercial real estate group in india .
tv tokyo corporation tyo : 9413 is a television station headquartered in roppongi , minato , tokyo , japan . also known as teleto , a blend of terebi and tokyo , it is the flagship station of tx network . it is one of the major tokyo television stations , particularly specializing in anime . the station is partly owned by nihon keizai shimbun .
space age electronics is a manufacturing company specializing in fire protection equipment and accessories , located in sterling , massachusetts . founded in 1963 , the company is known for its fire alarm notification appliances .
blue prism is the trading name of the blue prism group , a uk multinational software corporation that pioneered and makes enterprise robotic process automation software to eliminate low-return , high-risk , manual data entry and processing work . blue prism is headquartered in newton-le-willows , merseyside , uk with regional offices in the us and australia . the company is listed on the london stock exchange aim market .
envivio is a software-based video processing and delivery solutions company . it was founded in 2000 in san francisco by julien signes , the president and ceo , with a focus on developing technologies supported by the mpeg-4 standard , a standard for audio and video coding formats and related technology . envivio is headquartered in south san francisco with offices in singapore , beijing , denver and rennes .
zen internet is an internet service provider based in rochdale in greater manchester , england .
city pacific is an australian company established in 1997 by phil sullivan as a financial investment manager . it is the holder of australian financial services licence , and was listed on the asx in july 2001 .
ballet fantastique is a 5013 nonprofit chamber ballet company based in eugene , oregon , and co-directed by mother-daughter team donna and hannah bontrager . ballet fantastique was founded in october 2000 and currently has three components : a professional chamber ballet company , a pre-professional academy in the russian vaganova method of training , and a busy outreach wing .
swales aerospace was an employee-owned , small business aerospace engineering firm . the company offered a full range of aerospace engineering services . it was the global leader in the development and manufacture of two-phase thermal solutions for spaceflight applications , and it was a small satellite mission provider . in 2007 , it was acquired by alliant techsystems .
patch products is a manufacturer and marketer of family entertainment products that specializes in games , childrens puzzles , toys , activities , and teaching tools . as of february 2016 , patch changed its company name to playmonster .
signority is a cloud-based electronic signature provider in ottawa , canada . the companys software-as-a-service platform provides organizations with a streamlined process to manage contract workflow and execution . it offers a paperless online digital signature solution to access , verify , sign , and certify documents from anywhere in the world .
lite-trac is a trading name of holme farm supplies ltd , a manufacturer of agricultural machinery registered in england and based in peterborough . the lite-trac name comes from lite tractor , due to the patented chassis design enabling the inherently very heavy machines manufactured by the company to have a light footprint for minimum soil compaction .
t is the 20th letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . it is the most commonly used consonant and the second most common letter in english-language texts .
shimmer sensing is a dublin based wearable technology company that produces wearable wireless sensors , which can be used to monitor health , athletic performance and biophysical responses . shimmers sensing technology allows for simple capture and transmission of biophysical and kinematic data in real-time which can be logged or streamed via bluetooth to another bluetooth enabled device like a pc or mobile device .
masthead studios was founded in 2005 in bulgaria and is an eastern-european video game developing studio specializing in massively multiplayer online role-playing games .
361 degrees international limited is a major chinese supplier of shoes and sports goods , primarily in the peoples republic of china . 361 degrees counts li ning company , china dongxiang , xtep and anta as its main competitors . as of march 2009 , the brand had 5,543 authorized retail outlets in china . the company does not own any of these outlets . they are owned and managed by 3,031 authorized dealers .
parker house sausage company , founded in 1919 , is one of the oldest black-owned businesses in the united states . since 1926 , the company has been located in the same building at 4605 s. state street in chicagos bronzeville neighborhood . in 1962 , the company was noted as the nations largest black-owned company .
p is the 16th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
neato robotics is a robotics company located in newark , california . their product , the neato xv-series robotic vacuum cleaner , began selling in 2010 for us $ 399.00 . the company has around 65 employees , and raised over $ 60 million in funding over several rounds . the design work is done in california , with contract manufacturing in china . in september 2017 , neato robotics was purchased by vorwerk but will continue to operate independently .
ubicom was a san jose , ca-based company which developed communications and media processor and software platforms for real-time interactive applications and multimedia content delivery in the digital home . the company provided optimized system-level solutions to oems for a wide range of products including wireless routers , access points , voip gateways , streaming media devices , print servers and other network devices .
the nyonst-cerguemorez railway , french : chemin de fer nyonsaint-cerguemorez , is a narrow gauge railway in western switzerland which nowadays operates between nyon , on the northern shore of lake geneva and the french border at la cure , the la curemorez section having closed in 1958 . the railway reaches a height of 1,228 metres above sea level at the col de la givrine and it is the highest in the jura mountains .
the indo-china steam navigation company , limited , was established in 1873 as a subsidiary of hong kong based jardine , matheson & co. , one of the largest trading companies in the far east at that time .
fog creek software is a software company specializing in project management tools . its products include project management and content management , code review tools .
the open mobile terminal platform was a forum created by mobile network operators to discuss standards with manufacturers of mobile phones and other mobile devices . during its lifetime , the omtp included manufacturers such as huawei , lg electronics , motorola , nokia , samsung and sony ericsson .
square books is a general independent bookstore in three separate historic buildings on the town square of oxford , mississippi , widely known among readers as the hub of william faulkners postage stamp of native soil , yoknapatawpha . the main store , square books , is in a two-story building with a cafe and balcony on the second floor .
hook end recording studios was a recording studio located in hook end manor , near checkendon , oxfordshire , england . marillions steve hogarth has called it probably englands most luxurious recording studio .
ebiquity , plc. is a provider of independent marketing analytics to brands worldwide . they help them understand how and why their marketing programs are working , and how they should optimize the performance of their activity and improve their return on marketing investment .
gran dorado was a holiday villages company based in the netherlands . until the merger in 2002 , it was the biggest holiday villages company of europe . todays owner is the french company pierre et vacances , and is merged with the center parcs company .
housing.com is a mumbai-based real estate search portal which allows customers to search for housing based on geography , number of rooms , and various other filters . the company has 6,000 brokers and serves 40 cities in india including chennai , mumbai , bangalore , kolkata and delhi .
politics and prose is an independent bookstore located in chevy chase , washington , d.c. , on connecticut avenue . the store was founded in 1984 by co-owners carla cohen and barbara meade , who expanded the store fivefold to its present size . after a failed sale attempt in 2005 , the two co-owners eventually sold the store to current owners bradley graham and lissa muscatine in 2011 .
earthmine , inc. is a company located in berkeley , california devoted to indexing reality . the company uses vehicle mounted camera rigs to capture imagery and three dimensional data of the urban environment . it was founded in 2006 by john ristevski and anthony fassero .
intercontinental bank plc , commonly referred to as intercontinental bank or simply intercontinental , is a commercial bank in nigeria . it is now owned by access bank plc. intercontinental bank is one of the twenty-four commercial banks licensed by the central bank of nigeria , the countrys banking regulator .
air chaparral was an american regional airline . it was active from 1980 through 1982 with its main office located in reno , nevada and a maintenance base located in a former military alert hangar at spokane , washington . it provided scheduled airline service to several cities in nevada , and connected to salt lake city , utah and hawthorne , california . it also provided both scheduled and non-scheduled air freight service . the airlines flight call sign was maverick .
queen city development bank , also known as queenbank , is a philippines private development bank based in iloilo city . founded in 1981 , it has branches operating in key cities all over the country , offering financial services to both companies and individual investors . its services include deposit in investment banking , corporate and retail financing , dollar deposits and other basic banking products . it is owned by rogelio florete .
medimix international is a global online-based real world insights company headquartered in miami , florida . the company was founded in 1989 in france , and moved its global headquarters to the united states in 2002 .
london capital credit union limited is a not-for-profit member-owned financial co-operative , based in archway and operating in the city of london and north london boroughs of barnet , camden , hackney , haringey and islington . founded in 1997 , by 2014 , the credit union had over 11,000 members and assets in excess of 7m . a small permanent staff are supported by a team of volunteer member services assistants .
penguin software was a computer software and video game publisher from geneva , illinois that produced graphics and application software and games for the apple ii , macintosh , ibm , commodore 64 , amiga , atari 8-bit , and atari st computers . they produced the graphics programs graphics magician and complete graphics system , graphic adventure games such as the transylvania series , arcade-style games like spys demise , and role-playing video games such as xyphus .
banca apulia s.p.a. marketed as bancapulia is an italian bank incorporated in san severo , in the province of foggia , apulia region . the main office of the bank was located in bari , in the centre of apulia region instead .
uk asset resolution is a british financial services holding company with headquarters in the west yorkshire village of crossflatts .
pizza pizza ltd. is a franchised canadian pizza quick-service restaurant , with its headquarters in toronto , ontario . its restaurants are mainly in the province of ontario , quebec , nova scotia , and in western canada . franchises in western canada are mostly run through alberta-based subsidiary pizza 73 . it has over 500 locations , including over 150 non-traditional locations .
brown thomas & company limited is a chain of four irish department stores , located in dublin , cork , galway and limerick . owned by wittington investments , brown thomas is an upmarket chain , akin to canadas holt renfrew chain , britains selfridges stores and de bijenkorf in the netherlands , all of whom controlled by the weston family .
cr brands is a consumer goods company formed in 2006 by allied capital through a merger of two of its subsidiaries .
warburg pincus , llc is an american private equity firm with offices in the united states , europe , brazil , china and india . it has been a private equity investor since 1966 . the firm currently has approximately $ 40 billion in assets under management and invests in a range of sectors including retail , industrial manufacturing , energy , financial services , health care , technology , media , and real estate . warburg pincus is a growth investor .
sancor is one of the leading dairy producers in argentina . it holds one fifth of the total production in the country , and 90 % of the argentine exports of dairy products . it is a large cooperative made up many smaller ones , based on the argentine central milk basin around the border between the provinces of santa fe and crdoba .
kienzle uhren gmbh is germanys oldest watchmakers . founded in 1822 in schwenningen , the company headquarters has been in hamburg since 2002 .
canada bread is a producer and distributor of packaged fresh bread and bakery products in canada . the company operates 17 bakeries and employs approximately 4,175 employees across canada . purchased by grupo bimbo on may 23 , 2014 for cad $ 1.83 billion , canada bread is currently led by alejandro pintado , president , and operates as an independent business unit of the global baking company .
the blue guides are a series of detailed and authoritative travel guidebooks focused on art , architecture , and archaeology along with the history and context necessary to understand them . a modicum of practical travel information , with recommended restaurants and hotels , is also generally included . the first blue guide london and its environs was published in 1918 by the scottish brothers james and findlay muirhead .
royal bank zimbabwe , whose complete name is royal bank zimbabwe limited , commonly referred to as royal bank , was a licensed commercial bank in that formerly operated in zimbabwe .
jumpsoft inc is an american software company that provides application performance management software . jumpsoft is a committee member for several industry web services standards including web services interoperability and cloud application management for platforms . in 2012 jumpsoft co-proposed a new industry web services standard for managing cloud applications on paas environments called camp .
japan display inc. . is an lcd technology joint venture by sony , toshiba , and hitachi .
maruchan is a japanese brand of instant ramen noodles and related products produced by toyo suisan kaisha , ltd of tokyo , japan . the maruchan brand is used for noodle products in japan , and as the operating name for toyo suisans division in the united states , maruchan inc. in 1972 , toyo suisan entered the american market with maruchan usa , and in 1977 , established a plant in irvine , california . maruchan has other plants in richmond , virginia , and one in bexar county , texas .
team consulting is a medical device design and development consultancy . the company works with pharmaceutical companies and medtech businesses globally . the company is located on the outskirts of cambridge , uk , and is part of silicon fen , the cluster of high-tech businesses which has made the cambridge area one of the most important technology centres in europe .
m. arthur gensler jr. & associates , inc. , referred to as gensler , is an american design and architecture firm headquartered in san francisco . in 2015 , gensler generated $ 1.18 billion in revenue , the most of any architecture firm based in the united states for the fifth year in a row . as of 2015 , it operated offices in 46 cities in 16 countries worldwide .
trigger inc. , also known as studio trigger , is a japanese animation studio founded by former gainax employees hiroyuki imaishi and masahiko ohtsuka in august 2011 .
bananas music is an american record store that operates two locations in st. petersburg , florida . opened in 1977 , bananas music unofficially claims to be the largest record store in the united states , housing over 3 million vinyl records .
grenade gloves inc is a manufacturer of snowboard gloves/mittens . founded by professional snowboarders matt and danny kass in 2001 , the company specializes in a product line aimed at snowboarders and motocross riders : gloves , outerwear , apparel , footwear , and accessories . the companys headquarters are located in portland , oregon .
teco energy inc. is an energy-related holding company based in tampa , florida , providing electricity to the greater tampa area and central florida , and natural gas throughout the state of florida through its subsidiaries tampa electric company and peoples gas company respectively . another subsidiary , teco services , inc. , provides it , hr , legal , facilities , and other common services to tampa electric , peoples gas , and former teco subsidiary new mexico gas company .
the kerala tourism development corporation is a public sector undertaking that conducts and regulates the tourism activities in the indian state of kerala . the ktdc is headquartered at thiruvananthapuram and has offices across all the districts of kerala . the agency also operates hotels , resorts , and tourist rest houses in key locations in the state . its official slogan is official host to gods own country . it is one of the most profitable ventures of the kerala government .
kpn is a dutch landline and mobile telecommunications company . kpn started as a public telecommunications company and is based in the hague , netherlands .
hero cycles limited , based in ludhiana punjab , india is a manufacturer of bicycles and bicycle related products . mr pankaj m munjal is the chairman & managing director of hero cycles .
microventures is an equity crowdfunding website offering investments in early stage companies . microventures connects accredited investors with startups , businesses and services looking to raise funds or participate in select secondary market opportunities . it is the only major equity crowdfunding site that is a broker-dealer registered by the financial industry regulatory authority and the first to take a portfolio company to a successful exit .
balenciaga is a luxury fashion house founded in spain by cristbal balenciaga , a designer born in the basque country , spain , now owned by the french multinational company kering . balenciaga had a reputation as a couturier of uncompromising standards and was referred to as the master of us all by christian dior . his bubble skirts and odd , feminine , yet ultra-modern shapes were trademarks of the house .
lg display is the worlds largest lcd panel maker . lg display is one of the worlds largest manufacturer and supplier of thin-film transistor liquid crystal display panels , oleds and flexible displays . lg display is headquartered in seoul , south korea and currently operates nine fabrication facilities and seven back-end assembly facilities in korea , china , poland and mexico .
fairhurst is a scottish engineering consultancy business . it takes its name from william fairhurst , a notable bridge designer who led the partnership for 30 years .
guardly is a canadian-based security company with headquarters in toronto . the company designs and provides mobile safety and security solutions for enterprise organizations , campuses , and municipalities . it is best known for its mobile safety application that allows users to connect to security , public authorities and a list of emergency contacts when the safety app is activated .
uk coal production ltd , formerly uk coal plc , was the largest coal mining business in the united kingdom . the company was based in harworth , in nottinghamshire . the company was a constituent of the ftse 250 index . the successor company that contains the former property division , harworth group is still listed on the london stock exchange .
argenta is a bank based in belgium that also operates in the netherlands and luxembourg . the argenta headquarters are in antwerp .
rayonier advanced materials is an american chemical company specializing in cellulose-based products . headquartered in jacksonville , florida , it produces more than 25 grades of high-purity performance fibers for products ranging from food , cosmetics , and pharmaceuticals to paints , filters , impact-resistant plastics , and digital display screens . in 2014 , rayonier and rayonier advanced materials split into separate companies .
sunshine dairy is a dairy manufacturer and supplier in the kerns neighborhood of portland , oregon , united states . the company was founded in 1935 . as well as a full line of dairy products , the company also produces plant based yogurts at its processing facility on northeast 84th avenue and halsey street in portland .
send the light was a british christian book distributor which had absorbed other christian publishers and bookshops , and eventually merged with the international bible society to become one of the largest non-profit book distributors in the world under the title of ibs-stl global , now known as biblica .
electraphonic recording is a recording studio and record label located in memphis , tennessee .
breeze-eastern corporation is an american manufacturing company which was set up in 1926 and is now based in whippany , new jersey . breeze-eastern is the worlds only dedicated helicopter hoist and winch provider and the worlds largest cargo hook systems manufacturer . the company focuses on engineered equipment for specialty aerospace/defense applications . it also manufactures weapons handling systems and tie-down equipment for military and civilian agencies .
terrywhite chemmart is an australian pharmacy retailer owned by the terry white group .
powa technologies was a uk-based technology company , known for its commerce , mobile commerce and e-commerce services . the companys flagship product was the mobile application powatag . in february 2016 , investment company wellington management appointed professional services firm deloitte as administrators of powa technologies .
videoton is a privately owned hungarian company , contract manufacturer , the largest electronic manufacturing services provider in the cee region , top 40 worldwide , top 10 in eu according to the latest ranking of mmi .
moby dick house of kabob is a persian kabob restaurant chain in the washington metropolitan area . it is named after a restaurant in tehran which was right near the american embassy during the pahlavis time that restaurant was permanently closed after the iranian revolution in 1979 . the first moby dick restaurant opened in bethesda , maryland in 1989 .
storehouse plc , traded as storehouse , was a large uk retail business formed by terence conran through the merger of various high street chains . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index before it was renamed mothercare in 2000 .
cooper tire & rubber company is an american company that specializes in the design , manufacture , marketing and sales of replacement automobile and truck tires , and subsidiaries that specialize in medium truck , motorcycle and racing tires . with headquarters in findlay , ohio , cooper tire has 60 manufacturing , sales , distribution , technical and design facilities within its worldwide family of subsidiary companies .
gujarat state electricity corporation limited is a wholly owned subsidiary company of the gujarat electricity board , which came into existence in august 1993 after the unbundling of the geb . it is a power generation company working in the territory of gujarat , india . it delivers electricity through four distribution companies dgvcl , mgvcl , pgvcl and ugvcl .
zlatarna celje , plc , is a slovenian jeweler and goldsmith located in celje . about 70 % of its business is from the sale of jewelry and gold bullion , and the company also manufactures dental alloys and industrial gold . zlatarna celjes retail stores are mainly located in slovenia and the countries of the former yugoslavia . today , the company markets its products under the zlatarna celje and lencia brand names , the latter of which has developed a collection line with tina maze , a slovenian skier .
d-sight is a company that specializes in decision support software and associated services in the domains of project prioritization , supplier selection and collaborative decision-making . it was founded in 2010 as a spin-off from the universit libre de bruxelles . their headquarters are located in brussels , belgium .
carfax , inc. is a commercial web-based service that supplies vehicle history reports to individuals and businesses on used cars and light trucks for the american and canadian consumers .
drb-hicom defence technologies sdn . bhd. is a malaysian defence contractor involved in the development , manufacture and supply of armoured and logistic vehicles for the military and homeland security . deftech is also a supplier of specialised vehicles and commercial buses .
freightliner trucks is an american truck manufacturer and a division of daimler trucks north america . the division is known mainly for the heavy duty class 8 diesel trucks it offers , as well as class 5-7 trucks .
kramer guitars is an american manufacturer of electric guitars and basses . kramer produced aluminum-necked electric guitars and basses in the 1970s and wooden-necked guitars catering to hard rock and heavy metal musicians in the 1980s kramer is currently a division of gibson guitar corporation .
cencosud s.a. is a publicly traded multinational retail company . its the largest retail company in chile and the third largest listed retail company in latin america , competing with the brazilian companhia brasileira de distribuio and the mexican walmart de mxico y centroamrica as one of the largest retail companies in the region . the company has more than 1045 stores in latin america .
bank handlowy or citi handlowy is a polish bank based in warsaw , established in 1870 . it is one of the oldest banks in poland and europe . it is the 10th largest bank in poland in terms of assets , and 18th in terms of number of outlets . it is currently operating under the brand name citi and is owned by citigroup . its current headquarters is in the jabonowski palace .
carpetright plc is one of the largest british retailers of floor coverings . the company is listed on the london stock exchange .
mti home video is a united states-based movie distributor in the direct-to-video market . mti most often purchases the distribution rights to independent films and televised films that did not see a theatrical run in the u.s. , for direct release to dvd .
pushpay holdings limited , known as pushpay , is a mobile app developing new zealand company that enables mobile payments between registered merchants and customers , predominately in the faith and charity sectors . the company has offices in auckland new zealand , and its head office in redmond , washington state , usa .
venmyn deloitte is a wholly owned subsidiary of deloitte . the company provides consulting services to the global minerals industry , bridging the disciplines of mining and finance , and emphasises deloittes commitment to the global mining industry . it is headquartered in sandton , johannesburg , south africa .
joint stock company transneft is a russian state-owned transport monopoly , the largest oil pipeline company in the world . jsc transneft is operating over 70 thousand kilometers of trunk pipelines . it transports about 90 % of oil and 30 % of oil products produced in russia , in addition to considerable volumes of crude hydrocarbons from the cis countries . the company is headquartered in moscow and led by nikolay tokarev .
morinda , formerly known as tahitian noni international and morinda bioactives , a subsidiary of morinda holdings , inc. , is a multi-level marketing company that markets products made from the noni plant . founded in 1996 and based in provo , utah , morinda has approximately 700 employees around the world , with about 350 in the united states . they claim total yearly sales in the range of $ 500 million yet do not publish any of the earnings publicly .
friendlys is a restaurant chain on the united states east coast . friendlys was founded in 1935 in springfield , massachusetts , by the blake brothers s. prestley and curtis . it has 10,000 employees john m. maguire is the ceo . it offers as diner-style cuisine and highlights its 22 ice cream flavors many locations offer an ice-cream only take-out window alongside of the table service option .
warren publishing was an american magazine company founded by james warren , who published his first magazines in 1957 and continued in the business for decades . magazines published by warren include after hours , creepy , eerie , famous monsters of filmland , help ! , and vampirella . initially based in philadelphia , pennsylvania , the company moved by 1965 to new york city .
balford farms is an american dairy company located in burlington , new jersey . it is the oldest privately-owned and operated independent distributor of dairy products in the lehigh valley region . along with their own brands , balford farms sells and distributes products from other dairy companies including lehigh valley dairy farms , swiss premium , dannon , yoplait , hersheys , tropicana and international delight .
grgdn is a turkish music production and artist management company as well as a record label based in istanbul . the name of the company originates from the turkish word gergedan which means rhinoceros . it was founded in 2003 by oiart-graduated producer haluk kurosman and hadi elazzi , who had previously worked for such companies like sire records or sony music turkey .
microlife corporation is a medical diagnostics company that specializes in the development and manufacture of blood pressure monitors , digital thermometers , and peak flow meters . microlife is currently the worlds largest manufacturer of digital medical thermometers and a major provider of electronic blood pressure monitoring devices . the company is listed on the taiwan stock exchange , and maintains international divisions throughout the world .
buckleygrayyeoman is a british architectural firm based in the shoreditch district of london , uk .
italferr is a consulting and project company belonging to fs , the italian railway state company . italferr , the italian state railways group engineering firm , operates on the italian and international markets in the field of railway transport engineering . in 2014 the company celebrated its first thirty years .
hogar crea is an international institution , founded in puerto rico , that helps drug addicts break their habits .
axa is a french multinational insurance firm headquartered in the 8th arrondissement of paris that engages in global insurance , investment management , and other financial services . the axa group operates primarily in western europe , north america , the asia pacific region , and the middle east , with presence also in africa . axa is a conglomerate of independently run businesses , operated according to the laws and regulations of many different countries .
cawy bottling company is a soda beverage company founded in cuba in 1948 and nationalized after the cuban revolution when communists took over in 1959 . two of the companys executives emigrated to the u.s. and restarted the brand in 1962 , first offering lemon-lime soda and then diversifying outside of that competitive market by offering materva and then other tropical flavors .
the reject shop is an australian discount variety store chain . founded in 1981 as a seconds store in south yarra , the company currently operates over 340 stores australia-wide . the reject shop employs over 5,600 staff . the group replaced the majority of chickenfeed stores in tasmania , and took up the space that was left when retail adventures closed down .
act global is an synthetic turf and artificial grass manufacturing and construction firm located in austin , texas . its primary production facilities are located in calhoun , georgia . the company is known through its product brands in sports , landscaping , landfills and aviation . fifa has certified the company as a fifa quality licensee for football turf .
mriglobal is an independent , not-for-profit , contract research organization based in kansas city , missouri , with regional offices in virginia , maryland and florida . in addition to its own research laboratories , mriglobal operates research facilities for the department of energy and the department of defense .
red ribbon bakeshop , inc. is a philippine food company which maintains a fast-food and bakery chain under the trade name red ribbon .
mfg.com is a global online manufacturing marketplace that connects buyers of custom manufactured parts with manufacturers and job shops that provide of contract manufacturing services . buyers are able to post requests for quote to the marketplace and then receive quotes from qualified contract manufacturers located around the world .
dc placement advisors is an independent placement agent and a private markets advisory firm focused on fundraising and strategic advisory of alternative investment management firms as well as providing investor communication services . the firm has 11 staffs and is based in munich with representations in london , melbourne and zurich . dc placement advisors covers private equity , private debt , infrastructure , real estate , and other real assets .
digital paradise incorporated is the operator of the philippines largest and fastest growing internet caf chain , netopia internet caf and other shared access facilities such as extreme gaming grounds . they also operate the philippines franchise for highlands coffee .
spartan aircraft limited was a british aircraft manufacturer from 1930 to 1935 . it was formed by reinvestment in simmonds aircraft which had suffered financially .
black element software co. , ltd is a czech video game developer based in prague , czech republic . prior to their acquisition by bohemia interactive studio in 2010 , they developed computer and console games directly .
smep microfinance bank limited , commonly referred to as smep , is a public microfinance institution licensed by the central bank of kenya .
perdue farms is the parent company of perdue foods and perdue agribusiness , based in salisbury , maryland . perdue foods is a major chicken , turkey , and pork processing company in the united states . perdue agribusiness ranks among the top united states grain companies . perdue farms has annual sales in excess of $ 6 billion .
ben cooper , inc. was a privately held american corporation which primarily manufactured halloween costumes from the late 1930s to the late 1980s . it was one of the three largest halloween costume manufacturers in the u.s. from the 1950s through the mid-1980s . the companys inexpensive plastic masks and vinyl smocks were an iconic american symbol of halloween from the 1950s to the 1970s , and cooper has been called the halston of halloween and the high priest of halloween .
landrys , inc. , is an american , privately owned , multi-brand dining , hospitality , entertainment and gaming corporation . headquartered in houston , texas , landrys , inc. owns and operates more than 600 restaurant , hotels , casinos and entertainment destinations in 35 states and the district of columbia . the company also owns and operates numerous international locations .
home properties owns , operates , acquires , and renovates apartment communities . as of december 31 , 2014 , the company owned 42,107 apartment units , all of which were in washington , d.c. , baltimore , philadelphia , long island , northern new jersey , boston , chicago , and florida . the company is owned by lone star funds . the company specializes in acquiring older class c and class b - apartment communities and upgrading them to at least class b quality .
vinot-deguingand was a french automobile producer .
bitnation , or cryptonation , :5 is a voluntary nation that records vital records , identity and other legal events using blockchain technology . bitnation was founded in 2014 using ethereum smart contract technology. :13 as of 2018 , it has about 15,000 citizens . its 2018 whitepaper describes bitnation as the worlds first decentralized borderless voluntary nation .
worcester , bosch group is a united kingdom based domestic heating and hot water products manufacturer . the company was founded in 1962 by cecil duckworth as worcester engineering co ltd in worcester , england . after changing its name to worcester heat systems ltd , in 1992 the company was acquired by robert bosch gmbh , adopting the new name of worcester , bosch group . the headquarters is in warndon .
for the canadian media company , see s-vox . svox is an embedded speech technology company founded in 2000 and headquartered in zurich , switzerland . svox was acquired by nuance communications in 2011 . the companys products included automated speech recognition , text-to-speech and speech dialog systems , with customers mostly being manufacturers and system integrators in automotive and mobile device industries .
playdek is an independent video game development company founded in 2011 , based in carlsbad , california . playdek specializes in developing board games and card games for the ios platform .
integrated medical systems international , inc. , is a surgical instrument management and clinical consulting company specializing in repair management , sterile process management , tracking , and other services related to surgical and endoscopic devices and instruments . today the company operates repair facilities in alabama , florida , and maryland . ims has more than 1,200 employees nationwide .
myob , mind your own business , is an australian multinational corporation that provides tax , accounting and other business services software to small and medium businesses .
enigma records was a popular rock and alternative american record label in the 1980s .
denton designs was a british video games developer based in liverpool . the company was founded in 1984 and initially specialised in developing software for the sinclair zx spectrum home computer . amongst the founders were developers who had worked on the unfinished mega game bandersnatch for imagine software .
the parker pen company is a manufacturer of luxury pens , founded in 1888 by george safford parker in janesville , wisconsin , united states . in 2011 the parker factory at newhaven , east sussex , england , was closed , and its production transferred to nantes , france .
appneta is a computer software company headquartered in boston , massachusetts , with research and development based in vancouver , british columbia .
the cementation company was a large british construction business . it was eventually acquired by trafalgar house , and is now part of skanska .
dalian shipbuilding industry company , located in dalian , liaoning province , china , is the largest shipbuilding company in china . it is part of china shipbuilding industry corporation , one of the two state-owned shipbuilding enterprises in china .
benromach is a speyside distillery founded by duncan mccallum and f.w. brickman in 1898 and currently owned and run by gordon and macphail of elgin . it is situated near forres in morayshire and is fed with spring water from the chapelton springs in the romach hills beside forres .
nmbs/sncb is the national railway company of belgium . the company formally styles itself using the dutch and french abbreviations nmbs/sncb , however it is commonly referred to in english and internationally using just the french abbreviation sncb .
insignia financial group was a company that invested in apartments that were financially distressed , with the goal of increasing value via recapitalization . it was founded and controlled by billionaire andrew l. farkas and was headquartered in greenville , south carolina . it was the largest manager of apartments , controlling 300,000 apartment units at its peak . the company was sold in two tranches in 1999 and 2003 .
pjt partners , inc. is a global advisory-focused investment bank , founded in october 2015 as part of the blackstone groups spin-off of its financial and strategic advisory services and fund placement businesses . the firm is headquartered in new york city , with additional offices in boston , chicago , hong kong , london , madrid , san francisco and sydney , and employs approximately 350 people .
aanerud industries is a norwegian design company with its offices based in oslo , norway and its workshop in skogbygda , norway . simen aanerud is the founder and managing director of the company .
rover.com is an american company which operates an online marketplace for people to buy and sell pet care services including pet sitting , dog boarding , and dog walking . rover.com was founded in 2011 in seattle , washington and is formally incorporated under the name a place for rover , inc. the company serves as a broker and takes roughly 22 % of each transaction booked through its site . as of september 2016 rover.com was valued at $ 300 million .
quickbase , inc. , formerly a division of intuit , provides a low-code application development platform called quick base . headquartered in cambridge , massachusetts , the company was divested from intuit in march 2016 and is backed by welsh , carson , anderson & stowe .
the pennsylvania state university creamery , often shortened to just berkey creamery or the creamery , is a producer and vendor of ice cream , sherbet , and cheese , all made through the department of food science in the college of agricultural sciences of the pennsylvania state university .
janrain , sometimes styled as janrain , is a customer profile and identity management software provider based in portland , oregon . it was established in 2002 .
alfdex ab is a swedish company that develops and produces separators for cleaning of crankcase gases in diesel truck engines . alfdex is owned by the two public companies alfa laval and concentric who are quoted on the stockholm stock exchange .
the aberdale cycle company was founded in 1919 . the company concentrated on high volume , popular bicycles . in the mid-1930s the company moved to a modern factory in london and also acquired the bown manufacturing company . bown brought experience of building motorcycles and with rising demand for motorised transport after 1945 , the company began producing mopeds and light-weight motorcycles at their london plant and in wales .
nile bank ltd was a private bank registered in uganda , with shareholders from uganda , israel , and south africa . nile bank has an emphasis on consumer banking .
the original ballet russe was a ballet company established in 1931 by ren blum and colonel wassily de basil as a successor to the ballets russes , founded in 1909 by sergei diaghilev . the company assumed the new name original ballet russe after a split between de basil and blum . de basil led the renamed company , while blum and others founded a new company under the name ballet russe de monte carlo .
sandvine incorporated is a networking equipment company based in waterloo , ontario , canada . sandvine network policy control products are designed to implement broad network policies , ranging from service creation , billing , congestion management , and security . sandvine targets its products at consumer tier 1 and tier 2 networks including cable , dsl , and mobile .
moneysupermarket.com group plc is a british price comparison website-based business specialising in financial services . the website enables consumers to compare prices on a range of products , including mortgages , credit cards and loans . the company also purchased moneysavingexpert.com for 80 million from martin lewis in 2012 , becoming a subsidiary of moneysupermarket . moneysupermarket is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
roadshow entertainment is a division of the australian media company village roadshow . notable releases include first blood , mad max , gallipoli , and the terminator . their first release was scanners . like rigby-cic video , rca/columbia pictures / hoyts video and cel home video , roadshow entertainment is an independent video distributor in australia and new zealand .
versive is a machine learning startup based in seattle , washington , us . founded in 2012 by stephen purpura and chris metcalfe , the company sells on-premises software , cloud services , and professional service solutions to help businesses automate human expertise . as of september 2014 , versive has raised $ 42 million in total investment . the company changed its name from context relevant to versive in 2017 .
schunk gmbh & co. kg is a multinational manufacturing company , based principally in germany and in the united states . the company operates worldwide in more than 50 countries with wholly owned subsidiaries , including manufacturing locations in germany , usa , italy and switzerland as well as distribution partners all over the world .
tetra or the tetra werke is a fish food manufacturing company founded by a young german scientist , dr. ulrich baensch .
churchill insurance is a united kingdom insurance company based in bromley , london . founded in 1989 , as one of the countrys first direct car insurance companies , the company has expanded to offer a range of general insurance products . churchill is part of the direct line group policies are underwritten by the parent united kingdom insurance limited . churchill is notable for its advertising , that features a talking nodding dog mascot .
yik yak was a social media smartphone application that was launched in 2013 . it was available for ios and android and it allowed people to create and view discussion threads within a 5-mile radius . it was similar to other anonymous sharing apps such as nearby , but differed from others such as whisper in that it was intended for sharing primarily with those in proximity to the user .
ddrum is an american based swedish company , currently a division of armadillo enterprises , inc. that manufactures acoustic drum sets , electronic drum sets , and electronic triggers . ddrum was originally a brand of clavia , makers of the nord series of keyboards and synthesizers . in 2005 , the company was sold to armadillo , which expanded the brand from only electronic drums into a wider range of products .
trowers & hamlins llp is an international law firm with offices throughout the uk , middle east and far east . the firm undertakes work around the globe and has over 150 partners and approximately 860 employees .
indebank was a commercial bank in malawi . it derived its name from investment and development bank of malawi limited , the original name at the time of its founding . indebank is one of the commercial banks licensed by the reserve bank of malawi , the national banking regulator . indebank ceased to operate on 30 april 2016 and its operating assets and liabilities were acquired by national bank of malawi effective 1 may 2016 .
columbia yachts is a us manufacturer of sailboats , with offices and production facilities in southern california .
booking holdings , , is an american company that owns and operates several travel fare aggregators and travel fare metasearch engines including namesake and flagship booking.com , priceline.com , agoda.com , kayak.com , cheapflights , rentalcars.com , momondo , and opentable . it operates websites in about 40 languages and 200 countries . in 2016 , 88 % of its bookings were made outside the united states most of which used booking.com .
liskom , ltd. is a vending machine manufacturing company based in moscow , russia . the mainstream product of the company is coin - and bill-operated photocopier kopirkin . liskom was the first company in russia to manufacture the vending photocopier what is confirmed by utility model patent -RRB- hold by company . at the moment liskom is one of the largest and well-known companies on russian vending machines manufacturing market .
arm cement limited , formerly athi river mining limited , but commonly referred to as arm is a mining and manufacturing company in kenya , the largest economy in the east african community . the company is headquartered in nairobi and its stock is listed on the nairobi stock exchange .
dunkin donuts israel was an israeli franchise of the chain dunkin donuts .
the swiss life group is the largest life insurance company of switzerland and one of europes leading comprehensive life and pensions and financial solutions providers , with approximately chf 185 bn of assets under management . founded in 1867 in zurich as the schweizerische lebensversicherungs und rentenanstalt cooperative , the company entered the swiss stock market in 1997 and adopted its current name in 2002 .
vermilion energy is an international oil and gas producer with operations in north america , europe and australia . vermilion pays a monthly dividend of canadian $ 0.23 per share , which provides a current yield of approximately 6 % . vermilion trades on the toronto stock exchange and the new york stock exchange .
the onos project is an open source community hosted by the linux foundation . the goal of the project is to create a software-defined networking operating system for communications service providers that is designed for scalability , high performance and high availability .
pk4 media is a technology company headquartered in los angeles that provides targeted display and video advertising .
audienceproject is a marketing technology company based in copenhagen , denmark and operational worldwide . the company is based in copenhagen , denmark , have offices in ukraine and is represented in vietnam , united kingdom and germany .
paul evans is a digitally-native new york city-based menswear brand , best known for its collection of luxury footwear . the company was founded by evan fript in 2012 . it is vertically integrated and sells internationally into 100 countries around the world , directly to consumers online . the shoes are handmade in naples , italy .
endemol australia is australias largest independent television production and distribution group . the company is currently a subsidiary of endemol shine group .
imperial bank south africa limited , also referred to as imperial bank south africa , but commonly known as imperial bank , is a commercial bank in the republic of south africa . it is licensed as a locally controlled financial institution by the reserve bank of south africa , the national banking regulator .
trafalgar house public limited company was a british conglomerate with interests in property investment , property development , engineering , construction , shipping , hotels , energy and publishing . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index but eventually foundered in the mid-1990s .
monkeybrain books is an independent american publishing house based in austin , texas , specialising in books comprising both new content and reprinting online , international , or out-of-print content , which show an academic interest , but which reach a popular audience as well .
directed electronics , inc. , often abbreviated dei , is a vista , california-based producer of car security products , including viper car alarms and accessories . it is a subsidiary of dei holdings , which is owned by new york city and boston-based private equity firm charlesbank capital partners .
caruso , formerly caruso affiliated holdings , llc , is one of the largest , privately held real estate companies in the united states . it was founded by rick j. caruso in 1987 . it includes a portfolio of retail and mixed-use properties in southern california , including los angeles , glendale , calabasas , marina del rey , encino and thousand oaks .
ace hotel is a chain of hotels headquartered in portland , oregon . founded in 1999 in seattle , it operates hotels primarily in the united states , with locations in portland , oregon new york city palm springs , california seattle pittsburgh , pennsylvania los angeles and new orleans . it also has hotels in panama city , panama and london , england .
brown lloyd james is a public relations firm with offices in new york , washington , d.c. , london , and doha .
skybridge capital is a global investment firm based in new york city , united states . it is run by chief investment officer ray nolte . founder anthony scaramucci had co-managed the firm until january 17 , 2017 , when sale of the firm was announced . skybridge has produced the skybridge alternatives conference , to become a standalone entity following its may 2017 events .
equity bank uganda limited , is a commercial bank in uganda . it is licensed by the bank of uganda , the central bank and national banking regulator . ebul is a subsidiary of equity group holdings limited , a financial services conglomerate with headquarters in kenya and subsidiaries in six countries of the african great lakes region .
sekunjalo investment holdings is a south africa-based private equity firm specializing in acquisitions , pipes , and buyouts . it has principal operations in publishing , internet , fishing , healthcare , pharmaceuticals , telecommunication , financial services , aquaculture , biotechnology , enterprise development , events management , travel .
eurobank ergasias sa is the third largest bank in greece by total assets and fourth by market capitalisation of 1.6 billion euro as at 6 october 2017 , with more than 860 branches globally and more than 490 throughout the country and leading market shares in high growth segments . it was part of spiro latsis group of companies . eurobank ergasias is based in athens , greece .
xinjiang ba yi iron and steel co. , ltd. known as ba yi iron & steel or 8 1 iron & steel or august 1 iron & steel or byis or bagang or basteel , is a chinese steel maker based in rmqi , xinjiang . the company was a second-tier subsidiary of china baowu steel group , via ba yi iron and steel group . the rest of the shares of the company float in shanghai stock exchange .
smartnet ibc ltd is a company with a portfolio filled with web sites specialized at helping communities of graphic artists , sculptors and painters from all over the world . the main idea of the project is to focus on the needs of artists for photographical references for creating and texturing 3d characters for motion pictures and video games .
iveys , a former department store chain , was acquired by dillards , inc. in 1990 . iveys was based in charlotte , north carolina , and was founded in 1900 by joseph benjamin ivey .
swiss founders fund is a swiss venture capital firm , headquartered in st. gallen . the firm invests in seed & early stage ventures globally and incubates own startups . the portfolio of swiss founders fund includes ventures in asia and europe .
nti audio ag is a manufacturer of test and measurement instruments for acoustics , audio and vibration applications . with headquarters in schaan , liechtenstein , the company specializes in end-of-line audio testing for manufacturing quality control purposes , provides instruments for testing public address systems in safety-critical environments and also produces handheld audio analyzers and generators aimed at the professional audio industry . nti .
aden business center , known simply as aden , is a privately owned e-commerce enabler , fulfillment and logistics company headquartered in bangkok , thailand , as a subsidiary of ascend group . it operates warehouse facilities in thailand and the philippines , with an ongoing expansion to vietnam .
national express midland metro operates the midland metro tram system between birmingham and wolverhampton in england . it is a fully owned subsidiary of national express , who also owns the local bus company national express west midlands . the national express midland metro brand name and logo are not carried on trams and on most publicity , just the metro branding with the exception of the latest printed timetable .
zastava trucks is a serbian truck manufacturer based in the city of kragujevac , serbia . it is a subsidiary of group zastava vehicles which declared bankruptcy in may 2017 . in september 2017 , the government of serbia established zastava tervo , which took over zastava trucks production facilities .
pond5 is a new york based online marketplace for royalty-free media . the company licenses stock footage , stock music , stock photography sound effects , after effects , images and 3-d models .
the dubiel arms company was established in 1975 by joseph t. dubiel and dr. john tyson and was located in sherman , texas . the talents , skill , and vision of master gun-maker joe dubiel were incorporated into these premium centerfire bolt-action rifles . the rifles were manufactured entirely within the us and the company placed great emphasis on the use of fine quality materials and workmanship . the company ceased operations in the late 1980s .
the cheque and credit clearing company limited is a uk membership-based industry body whose 12 members are the uk clearing banks . the company has managed the cheque clearing system in england and wales since 1985 , and in all of great britain since 1996 when it took over responsibility for managing the scottish cheque clearing as well .
whiting brothers was established in 1926 as a chain of gasoline stations based in st. johns and holbrook , arizona . at its peak , it operated more than a hundred filling stations , fifteen motels and various truck stops under a slogan of quality gas for less . the business began to decline in the 1970s due to fuel shortages and a drop in traffic at its locations on the us highway system as these roads were bypassed by interstate highways .
inteliquent is a communications enabler offering network-based voice and messaging services to wireless , cable , carriers and communication service providers . inteliquents products include voice , toll-free , and messaging services . inteliquent is privately held by gtcr and is headquartered in plymouth , minnesota .
titanes en el ring was an argentine lucha libre television program aired between 3 march 1962 and 1988 .
fisher electronics was a united states-based subsidiary company of japanese electronics conglomerate sanyo specialising in the field of hi-fi electronics .
mario hernndez is a colombian luxury fashion and style house based in bogot , colombia . it is named after its founder , mario hernandez .
oatfield is a chocolate and confectionery manufacturer located in letterkenny , county donegal , ireland . the company is over 100 years old making it the oldest confectionery manufacturer in ireland .
cassa di risparmio del friuli venezia giulia s.p.a. known as carifvg in short , was an italian savings bank based in gorizia , friuli venezia giulia region .
bollinger shipyards is an american constructor of ships , workboats and patrol vessels . the firm was founded in 1946 . its thirteen shipyards and forty drydocks are located in louisiana and texas . its drydocks range in capacity from vessels of 100 tons displacement to 22,000 tons displacement .
constructions aronautiques maurice brochet was a french manufacturer of light aircraft established by maurice brochet in neauphle-le-chteau in 1947 .
bayer corporation is the american subsidiary of bayer ag . its main offices are located in whippany , new jersey . in addition it has 40 fully consolidated subsidiary companies located in 19 different states .
ricks picks is an american manufacturer of pickles . it was co-founded in 2004 by ceo rick field and lauren mcgrath , a former caterer . it is based in brooklyn , new york .
randall amplifiers is a manufacturer of guitar amplifiers , a subsidiary of u.s. music corporation . its products have been used by artists such as steve clark of def leppard , kirk hammett of metallica , dimebag darrell of pantera , george lynch , scott ian of anthrax , nuno bettencourt of extreme , chuck schuldiner of death , ty tabor of kings x , kurt cobain of nirvana , rivers cuomo of weezer , and ola englund of six feet under and feared . randall makes both solid-state and tube amplifiers .
ford-werke gmbh is a german car manufacturer headquartered in niehl , cologne , north rhine-westphalia and a subsidiary of ford of europe , which in turn is a subsidiary of ford motor company .
radisys corporation is a publicly traded company located in hillsboro , oregon , united states that makes technology used by telecommunications companies in mobile networks . founded in 1987 in oregon by former employees of intel , the company went public in 1995 .
sterling drug was an american global pharmaceutical company , known as sterling-winthrop , inc. after the merger with winthrop-stearns inc. . it was formerly known as sterling winthrop pharmaceuticals , whose primary product lines included diagnostic imaging agents , hormonal products , cardiovascular products , analgesics , antihistamines and muscle relaxants .
roadys truck stops is the largest group of independently owned truck stops in the united states . as of october 2016 , 216 locations were in operation in the united states . it is headquartered in new plymouth , idaho .
soujava is a brazilian java user group created to promote the java programming language and other open source initiatives . its recognized as the worlds largest java user group with 40,000 members .
the bell aircraft corporation was an aircraft manufacturer of the united states , a builder of several types of fighter aircraft for world war ii but most famous for the bell x-1 , the first supersonic aircraft , and for the development and production of many important civilian and military helicopters . bell also developed the reaction control system for the mercury spacecraft , north american x-15 , and bell rocket belt .
mib group , inc. or mib is a membership corporation owned by approximately 430 member insurance companies in the united states and canada . formed in 1902 and based in braintree , massachusetts , mib provides services designed to protect insurers , policyholders , and applicants from attempts to conceal or omit information material to underwriting life & health insurance .
royal enfield is an indian motorcycle manufacturing brand with the tag of the oldest global motorcycle brand in continuous production manufactured in factories in chennai in india . licensed from royal enfield by the indigenous indian madras motors , it is now a subsidiary of eicher motors limited , an indian automaker . the company makes the royal enfield bullet , and other single-cylinder motorcycles .
cartridge world is a business specialising in retailing ink and toner cartridges for domestic and commercial computer printers . cartridge world also franchises these outlets . the business model is to refill oem printer cartridges , and to sell the cartridges cheaper than the branded products . empty cartridges are obtained by encouraging users to recycle them in-store or elsewhere .
flight consulting group is an operational holding company based in riga , latvia . flight consulting group has 15 years of experience in the business aviation area and provides solutions for flight support , business jet ground handling , organising private charters , buying and selling aircraft , and aviation consulting . it also has a certified dispatch centers in europe .
barclays bank of zambia , is a commercial bank in zambia . it is licensed by the bank of zambia , the central bank and national banking regulator .
nakhchivan automobile plant , better known as naz , is an automobile manufacturer in the nakhchivan autonomous republic of azerbaijan .
ritz crackers are a brand of snack cracker introduced by nabisco in 1934 . outside the united states , the ritz cracker brand is made by a subsidiary of mondelz international . they are circular , salted lightly on one side , and have a small scalloped edge . a single serving contains 79 calories , 1 gram of protein and 4 grams of fat , or 70 calories and 2.5 grams of fat for the whole-wheat variety .
sina sports is a leading chinese digital sports media platform that provides live sporting events , highlights , news , discussion forums and other related sports content , primarily targeted at chinese communities around the world . it is a subsidiary of chinese internet company sina.com and was established in 1998 as chinas first online sports platform . the platform operates an online website , mobile website , and mobile app , all of which are only available in the chinese language .
superior drilling company was a manufacturer of farming implements that formed in the late 1800 to 1903 in springfield , ohio , united states .
irish distillers is a subsidiary of the french drinks conglomerate pernod-ricard s.a. it is the largest distiller of irish whiskey , distilling popular brands such as jameson and powers , in addition to premium whiskeys such as redbreast and midleton very rare . in addition to whiskey , irish distillers also produces a number of other spirit products such as gin and vodka .
sfcg co. , ltd. , a subsidiary of ke holdings , is engaged in money-lending in japan . the company filed for bankruptcy protection in february 2009 .
chuang yi publishing pte ltd. was a publishing company based in singapore that specialized in producing domestic and imported comics and comics-related merchandise , in english and simplified chinese . chuang yi distributed all or some of its products in singapore , malaysia , india , and the philippines . distribution to australia and new zealand occurred through madman entertainment and used australian english translations .
cimarex energy co. is a petroleum and natural gas exploration and production company organized in delaware and headquartered in denver , colorado , with operations primarily in texas , oklahoma , and new mexico .
sitepoint is a melbourne , australia-based website , and publisher of books , courses and articles for web developers . in january 2014 , sitepoint.com had an alexa ranking of 889 , and a quantcast rating of 14,934 .
suckling airways was an airline that focused on acmi work and ad hoc air charters for business and sporting organisations . it had its head office at cambridge airport , cambridgeshire . in 2013 it was integrated into its parent company loganair .
mitel networks corporation is a telecommunications company providing unified communications solutions for business . the company previously produced tdm pbx systems and applications , but after a change in ownership in 2001 , it now focuses almost entirely on voice-over-ip products . mitel is headquartered in ottawa , ontario , canada , with offices , partners and resellers worldwide .
the r. l. drake company is a manufacturer of electronic communications equipment located in springboro , ohio . it is also known for its line of equipment for amateur radio and shortwave listening , built in the 1950s through the 1980s . the company operates as a separate entity owned by blonder tongue laboratories , inc.
powtoon is a company which sells cloud-based software for creating animated presentations and animated explainer videos .
ascena retail group , inc. is an american retailer of womens clothing . ascena also owns the maurices , justice , lane bryant , and catherines clothing store brands , and is the parent company of ann inc. , operator of ann taylor and loft stores . chairman elliot jaffe and his wife and co-founder , roslyn own about 25 % of ascena .
the socit des ateliers daviation louis breguet also known as breguet aviation was a french aircraft manufacturer . the company was set up in 1911 by aviation pioneer louis charles breguet . the company , together with the british aircraft corporation , was a parent to sepecat which was formed to develop and produce the sepecat jaguar aircraft . in 1971 it merged with dassault to form avions marcel dassault-breguet aviation .
tristar pictures , inc. is an american film studio that is a division of the sony pictures motion picture group , owned by the sony subsidiary sony pictures entertainment .
trapit is a comprehensive content curation service for business that offers content discovery , curation , and publishing to web , ipad , and social channels through its web application . the application pulls from text and video sources and offers built-in analytics and social scheduling tools . trapit is a spin-off of sri international that uses sris calo technology to help users discover and publish content . it has acquired about $ 6.2 million in venture capital funding .
the endicott-johnson shoe company was a prosperous manufacturer of shoes based in new yorks southern tier , with factories mostly located in the areas triple cities of binghamton , johnson city , and endicott . an estimated 20,000 people worked in the companys factories by the 1920s , and an even greater number worked there during the boom years of the mid-1940s when , helped by footwear it produced for the military during the war years , it was producing 52 million pairs of shoes a year .
the legal intelligencer is the oldest daily law journal published in the united states , and serves the legal community of philadelphia and surrounding areas . the paper was founded in 1843 by philadelphia attorney henry e. wallace . the newspaper is published monday through friday , and covers legal news , decisions , court calendars , and legislation , and provides analysis and insight in columns written by leading professionals .
whiptail was previously a privately held company that builds data storage systems out of solid-state drive components . whiptail designed and commercialized the use of nand flash memory as a replacement for hard disk drives in large-scale storage systems . the company is named after the whiptail racerunner , a fast lizard species indigenous to the southwestern united states .
alaxala networks corp. , commonly known as its brand alaxala , is a japanese company headquartered in kawasaki , kanagawa , japan , that offers networking hardware products .
liverpool data research associates is a provider of software analysis , a test and requirements traceability tools for the public and private sectors and a pioneer in static and dynamic software analysis .
jet time a/s is a danish scheduled and charter airline with its head office in kastrup , trnby municipality , and its main base at copenhagen airport .
the people power company is an american technology company and software and mobile app creator headquartered in silicon valley . it is , perhaps , best known as the creator of the presence app , which allows unused smart phones and tablets to be turned into home monitoring devices and energy efficiency tools . their products frequently employ internet of things concepts and methodologies .
aller media is a magazine publisher in the nordic countries , headquartered in copenhagen , denmark . it publishes elle , cafe , familie journalen , femina , allers and se og hr .
sundberg guitars is a swedish company that produces handmade high-quality acoustic guitars . all instruments are available with a wide range of different options and custom details . an instrument built by sundberg takes about 60 to 100 hours to complete , and so far about 170 have been built .
robert walters plc is a specialist professional recruitment consultancy and focuses on placing professionals into permanent , contract and temporary positions at all levels of seniority . established in 1985 , the business has a global presence spanning five continents .
five star urgent care is a conglomerate of walk-in urgent care clinics that serve as alternatives to emergency rooms across upstate new york . the addition of locations in cicero , fairmount and fayetteville made it the largest urgent care provider in central new york . services provided by five star urgent care include treatment for non-life-threatening illnesses and injuries .
tiger brands limited is a south african packaged goods company . in addition to the companys south african operations tiger brands also has direct and indirect interests in international food businesses in chile , zimbabwe , mozambique , nigeria , kenya and cameroon . tiger brands is south africas largest food company .
the central aerohydrodynamic institute was founded in moscow by the pioneer of russian aviation , nikolai yegorovich zhukovsky on december 1 , 1918 .
bossini international holdings limited and its subsidiaries is an apparel brand owner , retailer and franchiser , headquartered in hong kong , with main markets in hong kong , mainland china , taiwan and singapore . bossini was founded by law ting-pong and launched its first retail store in 1987 . it has grown to 938 locations worldwide , a mix of directly managed and franchised stores .
flying dog brewery is a craft brewery located in frederick , maryland . founded in 1990 by george stranahan and richard mcintyre , it is the largest brewery in maryland . as of 2017 , flying dog is the 28th largest craft brewery in the united states .
lickky is an full-stack platform for advertisers and publishers , which offers programmatic , performance and video solutions . currently , clickky focuses on the developing of its own ssp and rtb marketplace . the company was founded by vadim rogovskiy in 2010 . clickky has offices in new york , moscow , mumbai and beijing , with the r & d office in odessa , ukraine . according to the dealbook of ukraine , clickky made the list of ukrainian it companies with the most revenue abroad .
hanowa and swiss military - hanowa are brands of hanowa aktiengesellschaft / ltd. mhlin , switzerland , which designs and makes timepieces , particularly wristwatches . the companys name is an acronym for hans noll watches , a clear referral to the founder of the company . the hallmark on the watches is an octagon containing a swiss flag .
al yaum is a dammam-based , supposedly pro-government arabic daily newspaper published in saudi arabia .
marcher radio group ltd , previously marcher sound ltd , was a british media organisation which operated several radio stations in north wales and north west england . the company , now owned by global radio , founded the independent local radio stations marcher sound , coast 96.3 , buzz 97.1 , champion fm 103 and wrexham and chester gold , part of the gold network .
h.b. fuller company is a major american adhesives manufacturing company supplying industrial adhesives worldwide . the company has long received praise in ethical investment circles for such things as careful handling of toxic waste and the nature reserve built around its headquarters . despite this image , it faced a controversy over glue-sniffing in latin america in the 1990s . in 2014 , the company ranked 957 on the fortune 1000 .
dhl aviation is a division of dhl express responsible for providing air transport capacity . it is not a single airline but refers to several airlines owned , co-owned or chartered by dhl express . in 2009 , deutsche post world net rebranded to deutsche post dhl . in the u.s. , dhl airways was renamed astar air cargo which in turn operated air freight services as a cargo airline for dhl until 2012 .
lauritzen corporation is a financial and interstate bank holding company headquartered in omaha , nebraska , usa . lauritzen corporation currently has bank branches in nebraska and iowa , and has total assets of approximately $ 17.76 billion . in addition to banks , lauritzen corporation has five holding companies and 15 insurance or financial companies . lauritzen corporation has an approximately 28 % voting share in first national of nebraska , inc.
silent circle sa is an encrypted communications firm based in le grand-saconnex , switzerland . silent circle provides multi-platform secure communication services for mobile devices and desktop . launched october 16 , 2012 , the company operates under a subscription business model . the encryption part of the software used is free software/open source and peer-reviewed .
synechron inc. is a new york-based information technology and consulting company focused on the financial services industry including capital markets , insurance , banking and digital .
pip animation services inc. is a full-service animation studio . its most recent work includes the cbc series wandering wenda , and the wnet series cyberchase .
h.r. owen is britains leading luxury motor dealer , and the worlds largest retailer in rolls-royce , bentley , lamborghini and bugatti brands . the company is headquartered in london , and operates 14 sales franchises and 17 aftersales franchises . in 2015 , ferrari , named h.r. owen as the best ferrari dealership in the world , after the business scored the maximum number of points in all of the judging categories .
lexoo is a uk-based legal technology company launched in june 2014 with headquarters in london , united kingdom . lexoo provides a lawyer-matching online marketplace , enabling businesses to find a lawyer by providing multiple quotes from specialised solicitors .
cascade airways was an airline in the united states which flew primarily regional air routes out of seattle , washington . founded in 1969 , it operated for 17 years and shut down in 1986 . its iata code was later assigned to china southern airlines which was formed two years after cascades shutdown .
international meal company is a brazilian holding company in the foodservice sector operating fast food restaurants . it was founded in 2006 by advent international and operates 386 restaurants with approximately 14,000 employees in brazil , colombia , mexico , panama , puerto rico and dominican republic . the companys restaurant brands include : viena , frango assado , wraps , go fresh , brunella , ginos , and airports concepts/airport shoppes .
algeta asa was founded in 1997 by roy h. larsen and yvind s. bruland in oslo , norway as a private biotechnology and pharmaceutical company . the companys research and development focus lies in the field of alpha-particle emitting radiopharmaceuticals . the lead product of the company , xofigo is the first marketed alpha-particle emitting radiopharmaceutics for cancer treatment .
shv holdings is a privately owned dutch trading company , regarded as one of the worlds largest private trading groups . shv is a highly diversified company , with interests in transport , retail , oil , food and financial services . it currently employs around 47,000 people .
super speeds is a company in india which designs and constructs open-wheeled formula cars for indian national championship series . for more than three decades this outfit has been the only full-fledged indian company entirely dedicated to indigenous design and construction of race cars in india .
kora organics is a range of 100 % australian-made skincare products offering a blend of natural and certified organic ingredients . kora organics was co-founded by australian-born international supermodel miranda kerr with the help of organic chemists , aromatherapists , and formulators from australia in october 2009 and is produced and manufactured in melbourne , australia . kora organics products are sold in over 400 stores across australia including leading department store david jones limited .
flexgen is a biotechnology company based in leiden , netherlands . flexgen is a spin-off from leiden university medical centre and dutch space and has proprietary technologies for laser based in-situ synthesis of oligonucleotides and other biomolecules .
edward m. fuller & company was a prominent new york stock brokerage . founded in 1914 and owned by the sole partners william frank mcgee and edward m. fuller , by 1922 it was the largest brokerage on the little board . the firm went bankrupt in 1922 , resulting in a high-profile legal case and indictments against the former partners .
hearts on fire company , llc , branded as hearts on fire , is a privately held diamond jewelry design and manufacturing company founded in 1996 by glenn and susan rothman . the privately held company is based in boston , massachusetts , united states , with products sold online and in 550 retail stores in 34 countries around the world , including 14 hearts on fire stores .
china communications construction co. , ltd. is a publicly-traded , multinational engineering and construction company primarily engaged in the design , construction and operation of infrastructure assets , including highways , bridges , tunnels , railways , subways , airports , and marine ports . through its subsidiaries , cccc has full epc capabilities and actively pursues p3 projects , often acting as concessionaire .
tatung company is a multinational corporation established in 1918 and headquartered in zhongshan , taipei , taiwan .
campagna motors , was founded in 1990 in the province of quebec , canada . campagna has acquired a reputation within the automotive industry since the development of the first t-rex prototype in 1994 . campagnas founder daniel campagna devoted more than eight years to the creation of the t-rex , personally handcrafting the first vehicles . since then , campagna has gathered a creative team of technicians carrying the mission , the vision and the t-rex heritage .
employsure is an australian-based company that provides workplace relations support to employers and business owners in australia and new zealand . employsure won australias growth company of the year for 2015 and business services growth company of the year for 2016 and 2017 .
specialized bicycle components , inc. , commonly called specialized , is a united states-based company that designs , manufactures and markets bicycles , bicycle components and related products under the brand name specialized . the morgan hill , california-based company was founded in 1974 by mike sinyard and since 2001 has been 49 % owned by taiwan-based merida bikes .
a constable is a person holding a particular office , most commonly in criminal law enforcement . the office of constable can vary significantly in different jurisdictions . a constable is commonly the rank of an officer within the police . other persons may be granted powers of a constable without holding this title .
powertel inc. was a mobile network operator headquartered in west point , georgia , united states that provided analog cellular and digital pcs mobile communications services in the southeastern united states . powertel traces its roots to the may , 1989 incorporation in georgia of interstate cellular , inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of itc holding company , inc. interstate cellular was formed to acquire cellular telephone licenses and construct and operate cellular telephone systems .
golden state foods is an american foodservice company . through a joint venture with taylor fresh foods inc. , gsf is one of the biggest service providers to mcdonalds restaurants , including liquid products , and its third largest beef supplier in the u.s. gsfs australian group , supplies produce to kfc , taco bell and pizza hut . gsf also owns the egypt group , which provides processing and distribution services in the middle east .
ogone was a belgium-based online payment service provider and payment risk management company that has been part of ingenico since 2013 . ingenico renamed the business ingenico payment services . ogone managed and secured online payments for card-not-present transactions and provided fraud prevention services .
pbf energy is a petroleum refiner and supplier of unbranded transportation fuels , heating oils , lubricants , petrochemical feedstocks , and other petroleum products . headquartered in parsippany , new jersey , the companys refineries include facilities in chalmette , louisiana , toledo , ohio , port of paulsboro in gibbstown , new jersey , the delaware city refinery in delaware city , and the former exxonmobil refinery in torrance , california .
la perla is an italian luxury lifestyle company owned by german entrepreneur lars windhorst through sapinda group . historically a lingerie brand , la perla has expanded into lifestyle offerings including beachwear , sleepwear , bags , shoes and ready-to-wear . founded by couturire ada masotti in bologna in 1954 , la perla is one of few historical fashion houses with a woman founder . ada masotti was trained as a corset-maker , and went on to redefine lingerie as a fashion accessory .
aventurine sa is a greek independent video game developer and publisher founded in 2003 , located in athens , greece . they are the developers of darkfall , a massively multiplayer online role-playing game , also known as darkfall online .
artsana group is an italian company that was founded in 1946 by pietro catelli as a commercial business specialised in venipuncture and medication , and is still active today in the distribution of healthcare and infant care products . since 1958 , it has produced infant care products under the chicco brand . other products include pic solution hypodermic syringes , and control prophylactics .
texas student media is an auxiliary enterprise of the university of texas at austin and the largest student media operation in the united states . it is composed of faculty , student , and professional news industry representatives .
price induction is a french company which develops and manufactures the dgen turbofan engines intended for light airplanes known as personal light jets . the company is based in anglet and employs over fifty people . three subsidiaries have been established in atlanta , ga , usa , so jos dos campos , brazil and berlin , germany .
fisher communications was a media company in the united states . based in seattle , washington , the company primarily owned a number of radio and television stations in the western united states . it was the last company in the seattle area to own a local tv station before being acquired by sinclair broadcast group . fisher was acquired the same year komo-tvs competitor king-tvs owner , belo , was acquired by gannett company .
the professional basketball club llc is an investment group headed by clay bennett that owns the national basketball association s oklahoma city thunder franchise and the thunders nba development league affiliate oklahoma city blue . the group also owned the womens national basketball association s seattle storm franchise from 2006 to 2008 . the pbc then sold the storm to local seattle owners , before moving the supersonics to oklahoma city .
studio gokumi is a japanese animation studio established by former gonzo members .
bottega veneta is an italian luxury goods and high fashion brand house best known for its leather goods which are sold worldwide and its mens and womens ready-to-wear . founded in 1966 in vicenza , veneto of northeastern italy , its atelier is located within an 18th-century villa in montebello vicentino and its headquarters are in lugano , switzerland with offices in milan and vicenza , italy .
grange mutual casualty company , commonly known as grange insurance , is an american insurance company based in columbus , ohio . grange markets its products exclusively through a network of about 3,600 independent agents to offer home , auto , life , and business insurance protection to policyholders . the company , formed in 1935 , now operates in 13 states .
the international paper company is an american pulp and paper company , the largest such company in the world . it has approximately 55,000 employees , and it is headquartered in memphis , tennessee .
whitacre tower , also known as one at & t plaza , and formerly known as one bell plaza and one sbc plaza , is a 37-story high-rise in downtown dallas , located adjacent to the akard street mall . it serves as headquarters for at & t and for southwestern bell telephone , who operates as at & t southwest . the building is 580 feet tall and was constructed in 1984 . currently , it is the 13th-tallest building in the city .
the zavodskaya line was a freight railway in russia . the railway was opened in may 1916 for transportation to the sestroretsk armory . the rolling stock was leased from finnish railways . the start of world war i was the initial reason for the construction of the railway . the length of the line passed entirely on the territory of the russia .
adventure soft is a united kingdom-based video game developer established by mike woodroffe , first as an importer and reseller of adventure international games . the firm operates out of sutton coldfield , and is best known for the simon the sorcerer series of games .
equitynet is a web-based platform that helps small companies find business loans and raise equity capital from accredited investors . founded in 2005 , the company is headquartered in new york , ny . james murphy is the companys ceo .
jamuna oil company ltd is a subsidiary of the bangladesh petroleum corporation that nationally markets octane , petrol , diesel , kerosene , furnace oil , bitumen and lubricants in bangladesh . in 1975 , it was renamed jamuna oil company after the river jamuna . it is headquartered in chittagong , bangladesh .
symbiote investments limited operating under the name caricel is a jamaican owned and operated mobile network .
james lock refers to : james lock , two-time grammy award winner in the area of classical musican early owner and head of james lock & co. , hatters in londonjames lock .
just energy group inc. is a canadian-based natural gas and electricity retailer operating in canadian and american markets across north america and in the united kingdom , ireland , germany and japan .
caribou coffee company is a coffee and espresso retailer . caribou coffee is a minnesota-based company that specializes in espresso beverages , its own coffee blends , tea , sandwiches and bakery goods . there are more than 273 company-owned coffeehouses in 18 states and the district of columbia , as well as 203 franchise locations in 10 countries .
the westinghouse aviation gas turbine division was established by westinghouse electric corporation in 1945 to continue the development and production of its turbo-jet gas turbine engines for aircraft propulsion under contract to the us navy bureau of aeronautics . the agt division was headquartered in kansas city , missouri , where it remained in operation until 1960 when westinghouse decided to focus on industrial and electric utility gas turbines .
hardwarehouse was a former chain of hardware stores , with stores located in australia and new zealand . hardwarehouse developed the hardware warehouse concept based on comparisons to overseas chains b & q and home depot . along with bbc hardware , hardwarehouse became the largest independently owned hardware retailer in australia before bunnings warehouse .
heidolph instruments is a manufacturer of laboratory equipment with a presence in more than 100 countries . it sells equipment to laboratories in pharmaceutical research , cosmetics , biology , bio-fuel , chemical industries and universities worldwide .
bloomberg government is a division of bloomberg bna that provides data-driven decision tools , news and analytics in a digital workspace for professionals who influence government action .
horace mann is an illinois-based auto , property , and life insurance , as well as financial services company that focuses on retirement annuities and mutual funds . horace mann primarily works with educators and their families .
black forest games is a german video game developer based in offenburg , germany . the company was founded in 2012 by andreas speer and adrian goersch . the company was formed by former members of the now-defunct spellbound entertainment company . as of august 2017 , it is a subsidiary of thq nordic .
vt mk , also known as mk technologies , inc. is a software company based in cambridge , massachusetts that provides commercial off-the-shelf modeling and simulation software . the company develops and sells software for distributed simulations that system integrators , governments , and research institutions use to build and populate 3d simulated environments . users include medical , aerospace , defense , and transportation industries .
kelseys is a canadian restaurant chain headquartered in vaughan , ontario owned by cara operations . cara operations also owns other restaurants including swiss chalet , milestones , montanas and harveys . founded in 1978 , there are restaurants across canada , excluding the province of quebec .
the al-shamal islamic bank of khartoum , founded in 1983 , is one of the major financial institutions of sudan , and one of the leading islamic banks worldwide . a declassified u.s. department of state report dated august , 1996 and a french investigation into al shamal islamic bank separately concur that osama bin laden invested $ 50m of his inherited fortune in the bank on his arrival in sudan in 1991 , in a joint venture with senior national islamic front members .
accelstor , inc. chinese : . accelstor is a cloud storage and software company founded on november 27 , 2014 in taipei , taiwan . in addition to providing hardware server products , accelstor also offers exclusive flash memory and storage acceleration software technology it has developed a software-defined approach to maximizing the performance of flash-based storage solutions .
agrexco agricultural export company ltd. , was israels largest exporter of agricultural produce , with the european union one of its major markets . agrexco went into liquidation on august 2011 with debts of 175 million , mainly owed to its bondholders that were mostly israeli institutional investors .
banco di sicilia was an italian bank based in palermo , sicily . it was a subsidiary of unicredit but absorbed into the parent company in 2010 .
carl hansen may refer to : carl william hansen , danish authorcarl hansen , danish footballercarl hansen ostenfeld , danish systematic botanistcarl manicus-hansen , danish gymnastcarl hansen , american politiciancarl hansen , danish wrestlercarl g. o. hansen , norwegian-american journalist , musician and author .
the sword of the lord is a christian fundamentalist , independent baptist biweekly newspaper . the sword of the lord is published by sword of the lord ministries , a non-profit organization based in murfreesboro , tennessee , which also publishes religious books , pamphlets , and tracts from a fundamentalist christian perspective , as sword of the lord publications . in 2012 the newspaper was a 24-page , biweekly tabloid with a circulation of just over 100,000 .
foundry products operations was a subsidiary operation of the cincinnati milling machine company , a company which no longer exists . some parts of the company evolved into the present milacron , inc. and cincinnati machine . cmm relied heavily on castings for the manufacturing of its machine tool products . the castings were produced at cincinnati foundries not owned by cmm and at multiple foundries owned by cmm between 1907 and 1988 .
heron s.a. is a power company in greece . it is a joint company of gek terna and gdf suez , established on 11 december 2008 . it owns and operates heron i and heron ii natural gas-fired power plants in viotia , about 120 kilometres north of athens .
the hongkong electric company is one of hong kongs two main electricity generation companies , the other being china light & power . the company is owned by several companies including power assets holdings , cheung kong infrastructure holdings and qatar investment authority . it was the first company to provide electricity in hong kong , having run continually since the 19th century .
cisitalia was an italian sports and racing car brand . the name cisitalia derives from compagnia industriale sportiva italia , a business conglomerate founded in turin in 1946 and controlled by the wealthy industrialist and sportsman piero dusio . the cisitalia 202 gt of 1946 is well known in the world as a rolling sculpture .
event hospitality & entertainment ltd is an australian company which operates cinemas , hotels and resorts in australia , new zealand , and germany . it was formerly known as amalgamated holdings limited .
entertainment uk limited was a retail supply and distribution company and a wholly owned subsidiary of woolworths group . the company , and woolworths plc , entered administration with deloitte on 26 november 2008 . euk claimed to have had a turnover in excess of 1.4 billion per annum , and over 160,000 lines of products .
tracor was a major north american defense electronics contractor which was acquired by marconi electronic systems , a subsidiary of general electric company plc , in 1998 . following the purchase of mes by british aerospace in november 1999 to form bae systems , tracor became bae systems integrated defense solutions . following a 2005 reorganisation , the company became bae systems sensor integration , part of electronics and integrated solutions .
the oregon nursery company was a nursery company founded and originally operated in salem , oregon , united states . the company later expanded to a site in washington county , oregon west of portland . the entire operation was eventually moved to washington county , where the company founded the town of orenco . the company went bankrupt in 1927 . its legacy is the orenco place name that is still widely used in the hillsboro area .
little anitas is a mexican and new mexican cuisine restaurant chain from the city of albuquerque , new mexico . they have nine locations in albuquerque and four in colorado . the chain comprises their traditional casual dining locations , as well as little anitas express fast food restaurants .
valence technology , inc. develops and manufactures lithium iron phosphate cathode material as well as lithium ion battery modules and packs . the modules come in 12 v , 18 v , 24 v , and 36 v configurations . their modular design allows systems to be created up to 800 vdc and thousands of ampere-hours of capacity .
dentsu isobar inc. is an interactive agency based in chuo-ku , tokyo , japan . it was established in 2001 .
max myanmar group of companies is a burmese company , known for its ties to the burmese military owned by a local tycoon , zaw zaw .
fuuse is an independent music , arts and film production company founded by norwegian artist , deeyah khan . fuuse is an emmy and peabody award winning company based in norway and specialises in creating music and film projects rooted in art , culture and activism to encourage dialogue around social and political issues . the debut film created and produced by fuuse was the 2012 critically acclaimed and award winning documentary banaz a love story .
red light district video is an american pornographic film studio headquartered in chatsworth , california .
bruce fox , inc. is a designer and manufacturer of custom awards and branded displayable products , established in new albany , indiana , in 1938 .
kawasaki shipbuilding corporation is the shipbuilding subsidiary of kawasaki heavy industries . it produces primarily specialized commercial vessels , including lng carriers , lpg carriers , container ships , bulk carriers , oil tankers , as well as high speed passenger jetfoils . in addition , it is also a producer of warships for the japan maritime self-defense force , including submarines .
edexcel is a multinational education and examination body owned by pearson . pearson edexcel , the only privately owned examination board in the uk , and part of pearson plc , is a portmanteau term combining the words education & excellence . it regulates school examinations under the british curriculum and offers qualifications for schools on the international and regional scale .
british power international provides design and advisory solutions to the power sector and is based in colchester , essex . bpi is part of the freedom group , who has recently been acquired by ng bailey . the companys design practice focuses on power system planning , design , asset management and provides associated project management , safety and quality assurance services .
future tv is a subsidiary of china network television , the official online division of chinese national public broadcaster china central television . it focuses on the expansion of internet tv business and runs a national internet tv platformchina internet tv , which has millions of online users . icntv is the first internet television platform approved by chinas state administration of radio , film and television .
the af group asa is the third largest civil engineering and construction company in norway . the company headquarters is located in oslo . the af group is listed on the oslo stock exchange .
locus technologies is an american corporation with headquarters in mountain view , california , , that provides services to organize energy , water , and environmental data and information via the internet worldwide .
spicy horse was a shanghai-based independent video game developer started by american mcgee , anthony jacobson , and adam lang in 2007 . it was announced on july 23 , 2016 that the company is closing its doors to focus on smaller indie development .
ecobee is a home automation company that makes thermostats for residential and commercial use . the thermostats are controlled by using the built-in touchscreen or using a companion app available for ios , android and the apple watch .
rxi pharmaceuticals inc. is a us biotechnology company focused on the field of sirna . the company is using its sirna platform to develop a pipeline of dermatology and ophthalmology therapeutics . the company has developed self-delivering rnai compounds for the treatment of dermal and retinal scarring and is also working on a proprietary topical formulation of diphenylcyclopropenone for the treatment of warts , alopecia areata and cutaneous metastases of melanoma .
glance networks is software company headquartered in arlington , massachusetts . the companys technology is referred to as a visual engagement platform that combines cobrowse , agent video , and screen share into a tool for call center and customer support agents to interact with customers . visual engagement has been described by analyst firm forrester research as a way to cut through the customer conversation clutter , to be better understood , and to connect emotionally .
king sturge was an international property consultancy with over 210 offices and 4,200 staff in 45 countries . they operated throughout the uk and europe and had associations and partners in asia pacific and north , central and south america . the firm covered all property sectors and related services such as logistics , plant and machinery . the firm was formed in 1992 from the merger of king and co , founded in 1918 , and jp sturge , which can trace its corporate roots back to 1760 . in .
b or b is the second letter of the iso basic latin alphabet . it represents the voiced bilabial stop in many languages , including english . in some other languages , it is used to represent other bilabial consonants .
the bohnacker systeme gmbh is a german sme with its headquarters in the swabian rottenacker near ulm . the bohnacker systems gmbh produces mainly shelving systems for consumers and pharmacies and shopfitting systems . bohnacker systeme is european market leader in the shelves and storage systems for the end consumer .
wadan yards was a shipbuilding company that filed for bankruptcy in december 2009 , followed by bankruptcy in march 2010 . the company was created by the sale of the two german shipyards in wismar and warnemnde and the shipyard in mykolaiv in ukraine by the norwegian company stx europe to the russian-controlled investment company flc west .
metapress is a digital content publishing company which produces and distributes online content on a wide array of subjects . the company operates an online platform which helps integrate content , community , and commerce across various categories . it also creates , manages , monetizes , and distributes published resources .
toolbox.com is a network of online business-to-business communities geared at professionals working in the information technology , human resources , and finance fields , allowing online collaboration between professionals utilizing discussion groups , blogs , and wikis . after being acquired by the corporate executive board company in 2007 , toolbox.com was bought by ziff davis in january 2012 .
amiga , inc. of south dakota was a personal computer company , originally a wholly owned subsidiary of gateway 2000 , inc , predating the amiga , inc. of washington . it was based upon the intellectual property of the german company escom ag , and had descended from the original commodore amiga personal computer series from the 1980s and 1990s .
eyeclick is an israeli-based company known for offering interactive media display solutions used for applications including retail spaces , exhibitions , corporate events and museums . the eyeclick technology is used to transform floors , walls and windows into interactive displays .
electroputere s.a. is a company based in craiova , romania . founded in 1949 , it is one of the largest industrial companies in romania . electroputere has produced more than 2,400 diesel locomotives , and 1,050 electric locomotives for the romanian , bulgarian , chinese , and polish railways , additionally producing other urban vehicles and complex equipment .
real goods trading corporation is a retail store and mail order / e-commerce business located in hopland , california that sells renewable energy systems , homesteading supplies , and other environmentally friendly goods and resources for people interested in living off the grid or with a low environmental impact .
sourcefire , inc was a technology company that developed network security hardware and software . the companys firepower network security appliances are based on snort , an open-source intrusion detection system . sourcefire was acquired by cisco for $ 2.7 billion in july 2013 .
kongsberg maritime is a norwegian technology enterprise within the kongsberg gruppen . kongsberg maritime deliver systems for positioning , surveying , navigation and automation to merchant vessels and offshore installations . their most well known products exist within dynamic positioning systems , marine automation and surveillance systems , process automation , satellite navigation and hydroacoustics .
stockspot is an online investment adviser and fund manager based in sydney , australia . it is the first fully paperless digital investment advice platform in australia and provides consumers with access to professional investment services for less than the typical cost of a traditional financial adviser or wealth manager .
koscom is a korean financial it solutions company launched by the ministry of finance and the korea exchange in 1977 . it has five corporate divisions with providing it infrastructure to the korean financial securities and futures market .
swift air is an american airline based in phoenix , arizona , united states . it operates a fleet of business and commercial jets available for charter and private use . its main hub is phoenix sky harbor international airport .
l. w. seecamp co. was a manufacturer of handmade pocket pistols located in milford , connecticut from 1981 to 2014 . in 2014 , the company announced that whalley precision would take over production of the pistols .
smokes poutinerie is a canadian nationwide poutine franchise founded by entrepreneur ryan smolkin . according to the companys website , its goal is to bring the authentic quebec classic to the rest of the world .
mythri movie makers pvt. ltd is an indian film production company established by naveen yerneni , y. ravi shankar and mohan cherukuri .
alinma bank is a saudi joint stock company formed in accordance with royal decree no . m/15 dated 28 march 2006 and ministerial resolution no. 42 dated 27 march 2007 . the bank was established with share capital of sar 15 billion , consisting of 1.5 billion shares with a nominal value of sar 10 per share .
creminelli fine meats is an american/italian producer and seller of artisan meats . cristiano creminelli launched the salt lake city-based company in 2007 with business partners chris bowler and jared lynch . creminelli has been recognized with various sofi awards and was named to bon apptits tastemaker list in 2012 .
theglobe.com was an internet startup founded in 1994 by cornell students stephan paternot and todd krizelman . a social networking service , theglobe.com made headlines by going public on november 13 , 1998 and posting the largest first day gain of any ipo in history up to that date . part of the dot-com bubble , the companys stock price collapsed the next year , and the company retrenched for several years before ceasing operations in 2008 .
btcc , based in hong kong , is the worlds second largest bitcoin exchange by volume as of october 2014 . founded in june 2011 , it was chinas first bitcoin exchange , and most of its customers are thought to be chinese . in november 2013 , the company had grown to 20 staff members . it is thought to now have almost 150 employees by april 2018 .
waldrichsiegen werkzeugmaschinen gmbh is a german manufacturer of heavy duty machine tools in the product lines milling , turning , grinding and texturing . the internationally operating company has production and service sites in the usa , in china and india . the headquarter of the company is situated in burbach , germany .
skatopia is an eighty-eight acre skatepark near rutland , ohio owned and operated by pro skater brewce martin . skatopia is known for its anarchist atmosphere and annual music festivals bowl bash and backwoods blowout . it was described by one writer as a demented mess that meets halfway between an anarchistic mad maxian thunderdome and a utopian skateboard society .
soltam systems is an israeli defense contractor located in yokneam , israel . the company has been developing and manufacturing advanced artillery systems , mortars , ammunition and peripheral equipment since 1952 . soltam systems serves armed and special forces in more than 60 countries . among the companys major customers are the israel defense forces , the united states army and nato countries .
country-wide insurance company is a new york auto insurance company which is family-owned . all of country-wides agents , representatives , underwriters and adjusters live in the tri-state area in or contiguous to new york city .
israel chemicals ltd. , also known as icl , is a multi-national manufacturing concern that develops , produces and markets fertilizers , metals and other special-purpose chemical products . icl serves primarily three markets : agriculture , food and engineered materials .
ulsterbus is a public transport operator in northern ireland and operates bus services outside belfast . it is part of translink , which also includes northern ireland railways , metro belfast and flexibus .
lerch bates is an international consulting services company specializing in the design and management of building systems with 36 offices in north america , europe , the middle east and india . founded in 1947 , focused on elevator consulting , they work with architects , developers , building investors , owners and managers on the design , sustainability and continuous use of building systems .
micro-vett is an italian company manufacturing electric vehicles .
alloy llc . d/b/a defy media , formerly known as alloy digital and break media , is an american digital media company that produces original online content for the 1234 age group .
ocean nutrition canada is a manufacturer of omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid docosahexaenoic acid nutritional supplements under the meg-3 brand . they are headquartered in dartmouth , nova scotia , canada .
midwood books was an american publishing house active from 1957 to 1968 . its strategy focused on the male readers market , competing with other publishers such as beacon books . the covers of many midwood books featured works by prolific illustrators of the era , including paul rader . novels from midwood books were written by many well-known authors , most writing under pseudonyms . among these were lawrence block , donald westlake , robert silverberg , and richard e. geis .
dubai national air transport association is one of the largest suppliers of combined air services in the world offering aircraft ground handling , cargo , travel , and flight catering services across five continents .
beacon communications is a privately owned newspaper publisher serving the suburban rhode island cities of cranston , johnston and warwick . begun in 1969 by john howell and anthony ritacco , as a vehicle to purchase the warwick beacon , the company was called southern rhode island publications until 1987 . howell took sole possession of the company in the 1980s , with richard fleischer coming on as the general manager .
sigg switzerland ag is a swiss manufacturing company with its headquarters in frauenfeld . sigg bottles are bottles designed and manufactured in switzerland from aluminum and polypropylene or in china from stainless steel and glass . the company is famous because of the iconic shape its classic bottle and numerous designs which have led to its addition to the permanent design collection of the new york museum of modern art .
george adlam & sons ltd was an iron and brass foundry and engineering company in fishponds , bristol , england .
new enterprise associates is an american-based venture capital firm . nea focuses investment stages ranging from seed stage through growth stage across an array of industry sectors . with over $ 18 billion in assets under management , nea was the worlds largest venture capital firm in 2007 .
jazz semiconductor is a us-based semiconductor wafer foundry that serves customers targeting wireless , optical networking , power management , storage , aerospace/defense and other applications . headquartered in newport beach , california , jazz passed through a number of acquisitions including the short-lived company acquicor technology , which renamed itself jazz technologies and then sold it two years later .
braathens regional aviation is a norwegian-owned swedish airline headquartered in malm operating aircraft wet-leasing services together with its sister airline braathens regional airways for bra braathens regional airlines . previously it was known under the name malm aviation and operated domestic routes in sweden from its hub at stockholm-bromma airport until february 2016 , when its operations merged with sverigeflyg to form bra braathens regional airlines .
horry telephone cooperative is a telecommunications cooperative based in horry county , south carolina . htc was founded in 1952 to serve the rural areas of horry county where it was cost prohibitive for national telephone companies to provide service . on august 2 , 2012 , htc announced a 20-year naming rights deal for coastal carolina universitys student recreation and convocation center . the facility will be called the htc center .
anbessa city bus service enterprise or anbessa is a state-owned public transport operator headquartered in addis ababa , ethiopia .
cgcn group is an issue advocacy and lobbying firm in washington , d.c. the all-republican firm has ties to gop leadership and the partys conservative wing . its clients include banks , finance , and oil companies , in addition to companies such as 21st century fox , microsoft , mastercard , and boeing . the firm was formerly known as clark geduldig cranford & nielsen .
simon carves engineering ltd is a british , full-service process engineering contractor headquartered in manchester , united kingdom . now owned by the parent company engineers and constructors international , inc. , part of the mitsui engineering and shipbuilding group .
brauerei gasthof eck is a traditional brewery in bbrach , bavaria , germany .
sipgate , stylised as sipgate , is a european voip and mobile telephony operator .
viksund boats as is a norwegian motor yacht builder , currently owned by rune viksund . started in 1966 by erling viksund , the company presently builds motor yachts at a facility in strusshamn , on the island of asky just outside bergen .
lixtor is an internet-auction website operating in new zealand since 2005 , as a free alternative to currently dominant paid online-trading website in new zealand , trademe . lixtors business model is substantially different from its rival site trademe as it tries to operate its business on advertising revenue rather than charging users on listing fees and success fee .
system c healthcare limited is a british supplier of health information technology solutions and services , based in maidstone , kent , specialising in the health and social care sectors . it employs about 525 staff . not to be confused with systemc , part of the c++ programming language .
mission hill winery is a wine grower and producer based in west kelowna , british columbia , canada , in the okanagan valley wine region . the winery is situated atop mission hill overlooking a 145 kilometre lake , mountains and vineyards . visitors enter through an archway and arrive in a courtyard with a 12-storey bell tower .
jeld-wen is an american company with its headquarters in charlotte , north carolina . it is one of the worlds largest manufacturers of windows and doors . the company operates more than 120 manufacturing facilities in 19 countries .
arutz sheva , also known in english as israel national news , is an israeli media network identifying with religious zionism . it offers online news in hebrew , english , and russian , including 24-hour updated text news , live streaming radio , video and free podcasts . it also publishes a weekly newspaper , bsheva , with the third-largest weekend circulation in the country .
le zbre is a french make of car built between 1909 and 1931 in puteaux , seine . the company was founded by jules salomon who had been with georges richard with finance from jacques bizet , son of georges bizet the composer . the make historian is philip schram who wrote the book lepopee de la societe le zebre .
fleetwood enterprises , inc. was a producer of recreational vehicles , mobile homes , and manufactured housing .
farmland industries was the largest agricultural cooperative in north america when it eventually sold all of its assets in 200204 . during its 74-year history , farmland served its farmer membership as a diversified , integrated organization , playing a significant role in agricultural markets both domestically and worldwide . the farmland brand and its slogan good food .
agamee prakashani , based in dhaka , bangladesh , is a publishing house . it was established in 1986 by osman gani . it has published more than 2000 title books . this publication house is renowned for publishing largest number of title book based on 1971 liberation war of bangladesh . the slogan of this organization is moktijodhu o muktochinta amader prokasona .
digital storm is a privately owned boutique computer manufacturer in the united states that primarily specializes on high-performance gaming desktop and laptop computers . headquartered in fremont , california , the company also sells upgrade components and gaming peripherals , such as headsets , gaming mice , custom keyboards and high-resolution computer monitors .
muse entertainment is a canadian producer of films and television programs founded by michael prupas in 1998 . the company gained press attention in 2011 for their production of the multi-emmy winning and nominated miniseries the kennedys in association with asylum entertainment .
sli systems provides cloud-based search tools for online retailers under a software as a service model . it is a public company listed on the new zealand stock exchange . sli is an acronym for search , learn and improve .
armscor , the armaments corporation of south africa is the arms procurement agency of the south african department of defence . it was originally established in 1968 as an arms production company , primarily as a response to the international sanctions by the united nations against south africa that began in 1963 and were formalised in 1967 .
teufel audio is a owned company based in berlin , germany , which specialises in loudspeakers and accessories .
ruote borrani s.p.a. is an italian manufacturer of wheels , famous for supplying rudge-whitworth design single-nut lockable wire wheels to many italian racing cars and luxury cars until the 1960s .
spidcom technologies was france-based company that developed home networking technologies . mstar semiconductor acquired spidcom in november 2011 .
navigenics , inc. was a privately held personal genomics company , based in foster city , california , that used genetic testing to help people determine their individual risk for dozens of health conditions .
pmd technologies ag is a developer of cmos semiconductor 3d time-of-flight components and a provider of engineering support in the field of digital 3d imaging . the company is named after the photonic mixer device technology used in its products to detect 3d data in real time . the corporate headquarters of the company is located in siegen , germany .
rgas satiksme is a municipally-owned public transportation and parking authority serving riga , latvia and the surrounding areas . the organization operates a network of road buses , trolleybuses , minibuses , and trams , while also administering paid parking services throughout the city . it currently employs roughly 4,100 staff and passengers completed .
ascential plc , formerly emap , is a british business-to-business media business specialising in exhibitions & festivals and information services . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
dsbfirst was a railway company that operated rail franchises in denmark and sweden . it was a joint venture between danish state railway operator dsb and british transport group firstgroup . firstgroup had a 25 % shareholding in dsbfirst denmark and 20 % in dsbfirst sweden and dsbfirst vst . by march 2011 firstgroups shareholding in the swedish divisions had increased to 30 % .
terrago is a private company based in sterling , virginia with offices in atlanta , georgia , and the uk that develops location intelligence , geospatial collaboration , gis applications , gps data collection software and solutions . founded in 2005 , terrago is an in-q-tel portfolio company . in 2012 , terrago acquired fellow in-q-tel portfolio company geosemble .
uljanik is a shipbuilding company and shipyard in pula , croatia .
pan american airways was a united states airline that operated scheduled services in the eastern usa , as well as charters for tour operators and services to the dominican republicand to puerto rico .
yiynova is a taiwanese technology company specializing in graphics tablets and embedded lcd tablets , founded in 2008 and headquartered in taipei , taiwan , with additional offices in hong kong and shenzhen , china .
virgin play s.a. was a spanish video game distributor , and later a video game publisher .
kinetic thetechnologyagency is a software company based in louisville , kentucky . kinetic provides the globalizor translation management system . the company offers enterprise-level software packages to forbes global 2000 companies , allowing clients to optimize their translations process . kinetic thetechnologyagency is located in historic distillery commons in louisville , kentucky .
open scalable file systems , inc. is a nonprofit organization promoting the lustre file system . opensfs was founded in 2010 to ensure lustre remains vendor-neutral , open , and free .
fuel freedom international is a multi-level marketing company based in altamonte springs , florida and co-owned by wendy lewis and randy ray . it sells pills trademarked as mpg-caps , which are claimed to improve fuel economy , reduce emissions and increase engine power when used as a gasoline additive . the company says that the product was originally developed by nasa for the 1970s space shuttle program , although no documentary evidence is offered to support this claim .
hatch mott macdonald is a consulting engineering firm serving public and private clients in north america . hmms capabilities include planning , project development , studies and analysis , design , procurement , and construction engineering and inspection . hmm also provides project , program and construction management as well as facility maintenance and operations .
take-two interactive software , inc. is an american video game holding company based in new york city . founded in september 1993 by ryant brant , the company wholly owns video game publishers rockstar games , 2k games and private division , including their respective subsidiaries , and developer social point , as well as a 50 % stake in the esports-centric joint venture nba 2k league . notable franchises owned by take-two interactive include grand theft auto , civilization , nba 2k and bioshock .
earl owensby studios is an american-based film and television film studio that was founded in 1974 by producer/actor ernst earl owensby . the studio was responsible for the development , production , and distribution of dozens of low-budget action films .
global blue is a tourism shopping tax refund company headquartered in nyon , switzerland . the company is best known for tax-free shopping , a vat/gst refund product and also operates in dynamic currency conversion , marketing services , point-of-sale technology , retail staff education , and customer intelligence . it is the industry leader for providing tax refunds , with premier tax free as its closest competitor .
saulog transit inc. is a bus transportation company in the philippines servicing routes between metro manila , cavite and central luzon or baguio its sister company , dagupan bus co. , inc. is its arm covering major routes in pangasinanthe company offers air conditioned buses to the riding public .
looking glass studios was an american computer game development company during the 1990s . their games demonstrated innovative gameplay , pioneering physics simulation , and well-written , engaging stories . their best known game franchises were ultima underworld , system shock and thief .
doosan corporation is a corporate holding company headquartered in euljiro 6-ga , jung-gu , seoul , south korea .
greubel forsey is a watchmaking company specializing in ultra high-end timepieces . it was launched in 2004 by robert greubel and stephen forsey and is based in la chaux-de-fonds , switzerland . greubel forsey specialize in inventing timepieces with multiple tourbillons and inclined balance wheels with the aim of improving timekeeping precision .
brazzers -LRB- -RRB- is a pornographic production company based in montreal , canada . with an online network consisting of thirty-one hardcore pornography websites , the companys slogan is the worlds best hd porn site ! . as of october 2015 , brazzers.com has a traffic ranking of 1,650 .
conversocial is a provider of social customer service software headquartered in new york city and founded in london . companies such as google , barclaycard , hertz , tesco , sainsburys , volkswagen and university of phoenix use conversocials software as a service to manage the flow of customer service inquiries and discussions on social media channels such as facebook and twitter , google + , instagram and youtube .
rohan is a british designer and supplier of outdoor clothing and footwear that has 56 stores and an annual turnover of 30 million . their products are designed in milton keynes , buckinghamshire and manufactured internationally .
the brigham young university creamery is a grocery store for brigham young university students living in residence halls on campus . students may purchase food and other items using their signature card accounts or traditional payment methods . byu creamery has four locations in provo , utah : creamery on ninth east , helaman creamery , wyview creamery , and the creamery outlet .
honor savy was the founder of a factory that manufactured faience wares in marseille , france between 1749 and 1790 . he is associated with the veuve perrin and leroy factories .
maya island air is an airline with its head office on the second floor of building # 1 of belize city municipal airport in belize city , belize . it operates regular scheduled flights to 11 destinations within belize and chartered flights to mexico , guatemala , and honduras . its main base is the philip s. w. goldson international airport .
kershaw knives designs and manufactures a wide range of knives , including pocketknives , sporting knives , and kitchen cutlery . kershaw is a brand of kai usa ltd. , a member of the kai group , headquartered in tualatin , oregon , united states .
gridpoint is a cleantech company that provides energy management and sustainability solutions for enterprises , government agencies , and utilities . gridpoints technology and services include intelligent , real-time control , equipment-level submetering and monitoring hardware , big data analytics software and energy management services .
we are hunted was a brisbane based software company that developed proprietary search technology which continuously scanned the internet to identify the hottest new music in the world . the company was founded by stephen phillips , richard slatter and michael doherty . the service provided a constant stream of new music , delivered in a simple , tile-based user interface . we are hunted was originally owned and operated by hunted media , a web services company based in san francisco , california .
support.com , inc. is a us-based multinational computer technology corporation that provides online tech support . it is headquartered in sunnyvale , california , california , usa . support.com provides online computer support to consumers and home-based business across the united states and canada via remote access .
wiggle is a leading european online sports retailer , selling cycle , run , swim and outdoor equipment and apparel . it is based in portsmouth , england . the company forms part of the wigglecrc group , which also includes chain reaction cycles .
brain music is music recording and publishing company , founded in 1976 . it is involved in the production and distribution of music in japan as well as global exports .
stagecoach merseyside is a major operator of bus services in the british city of liverpool and in the surrounding area of merseyside . it is a subsidiary of the stagecoach group . it was formed in july 2005 due to the acquisition of glenvale transport , which in turn had initially been formed by ex-mtl managers bidding for company , following a competition commission ruling that arriva must sell their newly acquired gillmoss depot to preserve the competition within the merseyside area .
amazon bookstore cooperative was a feminist bookstore located in minneapolis , minnesota , that operated from 1970 to 2012 . it was the first lesbian/feminist bookstore in the u.s. the shop was named after the amazons , a mythological tribe of fierce and independent women . after decades in business , it sold its name to amazon.com .
bangladesh textile mills corporation or btmc , is a public corporation that owns and manages all government textile mills in bangladesh and is located in dhaka . it manages 18 government owned textile factories .
jimdo -LRB- -RRB- is a web hosting service . jimdo offers jimdofree , a free web hosting service , jimdopro and jimdobusiness , both premium services . jimdo is operated by jimdo gmbh , a company based in hamburg , germany .
tamoil is the trading name of the oilinvest group , a fuel energy provider within the european downstream oil and gas sector . the oilinvest group refines crude oil and markets refined oil products primarily under the tamoil and the hem brands in europe . the oilinvest group is involved in supplying , trading , refining and selling petroleum products in italy , germany , switzerland , spain and the netherlands and carries out its trading activities from cyprus .
chris-craft boats was an american manufacturer of boats that was founded by christopher columbus smith . the company was sold by the smith family in 1960 to nafi corporation , which changed its name to chris-craft industries in 1962 . the current successor is the chris-craft corporation , which produces motorboats under the chris-craft name .
the railroad development corporation is an american railroad holding company based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . it operates several short line railroads outside the united states and acts as an investor , with management and institutional investors as partners . it was founded in 1987 by former conrail employee henry posner iii .
pertino was a computer networking software company based in los gatos , california . it derives its name from its city of origin , cupertino , california . the company provides a cloud networking platform solution that leverages cloud infrastructure , next generation network virtualization , and software-defined networking to dramatically simplify networking without sacrificing enterprise-level functionality .
grupo cisneros is a privately held , family owned business headquartered in coral gables , florida , historically based in venezuela , with a focus on latin american and spanish-speaking people worldwide . it is a conglomerate of media entertainment , digital media , property investment , tourism development and consumer product companies which reaches 550 million spanish and portuguese-speaking consumers in the americas and europe . it also provides media content to more than 100 countries .
livechat software is a customer service software company and developer of livechat - software as a service-based help desk software and online chat software for ecommerce sales , customer support and lead generation . the company is one of the key players in the market and has offices in wrocaw , poland and boston , massachusetts , united states .
imagination technologies group plc is a british-based technology company , focusing on semiconductor and related intellectual property licensing . it markets powervr mobile graphics processors , mips embedded microprocessors , and for its pure consumer electronics division . it also supplies radio baseband processing , networking , digital signal processor , video and audio hardware , voice over ip software , cloud computing and silicon and system design services .
hennessey performance engineering is an american tuning house specializing in modifying sports and super cars from several brands like ferrari , porsche , mclaren , chevrolet , dodge , cadillac , lotus , jeep , ford , gmc , lincoln and lexus . established in 1991 by john hennessey , their main facility is located 45 minutes west of houston , texas . this firm focuses on mechanical component modification for creating high-powered cars .
mitsukoshi , ltd. is an international department store chain with headquarters in tokyo , japan . it is a subsidiary of isetan mitsukoshi holdings , which also owns the isetan department store chain .
community environmental center was a not-for-profit provider of weatherization services for low-income eligible buildings and green building and sustainability services for all types of organizations in the new york city region . cec was founded in 1994 to improve the lives of low-income families by making their homes more efficient , but then expanded to provide many different green building services to all types of buildings and organizations .
the heineken lanka limited limited is the second largest brewer in sri lanka .
hyundai capital services is a south korean provider of consumer financial services ranging from auto-financing , private financing , and corporate financing . the company is a financial service unit of hyundai motor group . hyundai capital has expanded to overseas markets , providing auto financing services in five countries outside korea the u.s. , the u.k. , china , germany and canada .
panvidea . is a cloud-based digital media services provider that specializes in the storage , preparation , processing and packaging of professional entertainment and advertising content for distribution across digital platforms .
ms shoes east ltd. is a company established in delhi , india on 17 march 1986 the main object of the company was to take over running business of exports in the name of shoes east propriety . it attracted large investments before collapsing in february 1995 . many investors lost large sums of money . the bombay stock exchange closed for three days after the crash . in 2005 , a rehabilitation scheme for the company was devised by the board for industrial and financial reconstruction .
tuesday morning corporation is an american discount , off-price retailer specializing in domestic and international , designer and name-brand closeout merchandise . the company has stores across the united states . headquartered in dallas , texas , the chain traditionally has relied on direct marketing , but also advertises in newspapers .
engel means angel in some germanic languages and may refer to : .
3g studios , inc. is an independent video game development studio with a range of titles available on traditional consoles , iphone applications and social gaming platforms . founded in 2006 , 3g studios is based out of reno , nevada and has been known to collaborate with other companies in the game development industry . over the past few years 3g has grown into several key areas of technology .
taylor fresh foods is an american-based producer of fresh-cut fruits and vegetables . founded by former fresh express founder and ceo bruce taylor in 1995 with the goal of becoming americas favorite salad maker , taylor farms currently ranks as the worlds largest processor of fresh-cut vegetables .
general steel industries , inc. was an american steel company founded as general steel castings corporation in 1928 . the companys first headquarters were in eddystone , pennsylvania and , prior to completing its own modern steel foundry in 1930 , acquired the operations of the commonwealth steel company , a critical supplier to the rail industry .
brodie bicycles is a manufacturer of mountain , road , cyclocross and commuter bicycles based in vancouver , british columbia , canada .
studio 4c co. , ltd. is a japanese animation studio founded by eiko tanaka and koji morimoto in 1986 . the name comes from the temperature at which water is most dense .
bomgaars supply inc. is a retail chain of farm and ranch supply stores headquartered in sioux city , iowa . it has 82 stores located in iowa , nebraska , minnesota , south dakota , colorado , idaho and wyoming . it is operated by the bomgaars family .
artist pension trust is an investment vehicle specializing in contemporary art , which aims to provide financial security and international exposure to selected artists chosen by its international curatorial team . it has the largest global collection of contemporary art , comprising 10,000 artworks from 2,000 artists in 75 countries , and growing by more than 2,000 each year . as of november 2013 , a total of 40,000 artworks had been committed to apt by 2,000 artists .
stubli is a swiss mechatronics company , primarily known for its textile machinery , connectors and robotics products .
lifetime entertainment services is an american entertainment industry company , whose media properties are focused on women . lifetime entertainment services is a subsidiary of a & e networks , a joint venture of hearst communications and the walt disney company .
gavia gourmet coffee is a coffee importer and roaster located in vernon , california . it produces the gavia and la llave espresso brands , as well as private label coffees .
brilliant classics is a classical music label based in the dutch town of leeuwarden . it is renowned for releasing super-budget-priced editions on cd of the complete works of j.s. bach , mozart , beethoven and many other composers . the label also specialises in new recordings of early music , chamber , organ and piano music .
merryland studio was the second film production studio in the malayalam language film industry of india . it was established in 1951 by director-producer p. subramaniam in nemom , thiruvananthapuram , kerala . the studio has produced 69 films , with 59 of them directed by p. subrahmaniam himself . the films were produced under the banner of neela productions . merryland studio was famous for their professional rivalry with kunchackos udaya studio , which was the first movie studio of kerala .
super break is a british holiday company based in york which has specialised in uk and european short breaks for over 30 years , including theatre breaks , rail packages and concerts at the o2 arena in london .
pie five pizza co. is a fast casual restaurant chain specializing in handcrafted personal pizza made in less than 5 minutes . the brand is owned by rave restaurant group , which also owns pizza inn .
eca2 is a french event production company located in paris specialized in creation , design and production of multimedia shows and large-scale events . eca2 is member of the international association of amusement parks and attractions and also the themed entertainment association . in 2016 the company has fifteen permanent employees , and is headed by jean-christophe canizares .
the bata shoe factory in east tilbury is what remains of an industrial estate in essex , england , which produced shoes for over 70 years . founded in 1932 by tom baa , the factory was one of the most important planned landscapes in the east of england in the 20th century . the factory closed in 2005 .
eraring energy is an electricity generation company in australia that is owned by the government of new south wales , and has a portfolio of generating sites using thermal coal , wind , and hydroelectric power . eraring energy is established in 2000 under the state owned corporations act , 1989 and the energy services corporation act , 1995 .
wing zone is an atlanta-based american restaurant chain that specializes in deep-fried food products especially buffalo wings . there are roughly 100 wing zone locations in 25 american states , usually in urban areas . wing zone has been featured on the food networks roker on the road , entrepreneur magazine and others . wing zone has also won many awards , such as national festival favorite at the 2004 national buffalo wing festival . wing zone offers both take-out and delivery .
superdry plc is a british international branded clothing company , and owner of the superdry label . superdry products combine vintage americana styling with japanese inspired graphics . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
the finkbine-guild lumber company was established to harvest and market the virgin longleaf pine stands of southern mississippi during the early 20th century . the main sawmills were located in wiggins and dlo , mississippi . when the local timber supply dwindled , the company tried to utilize redwood trees from california , but that operation failed because of high transportation costs .
the joseph horne company , often referred to simply as joseph hornes or hornes , was an iconic , regional department store chain based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . the store was one of the oldest in the country being founded on february 22 , 1849 , but was often overlooked as it maintained only a regional presence . the chain ceased operations in 1994 after being merged with the lazarus division of federated department stores , inc. .
newslink pty ltd is an australian company responsible for providing convenience items and travel products in airports and railway stations in australia , china , hong kong , singapore , taiwan , and fiji .
mirgor is an argentine manufacturing firm . a maker of auto air conditioning units , the firm has diversified into the production of household appliances and cell phones , which are now its main source of revenue .
ansell is an australian company which manufactures protective and medical gloves and condoms .
crescendo networks , ltd. was a privately held computer networking company headquartered in sunnyvale , california with regional offices in emea and apac . crescendo networks is not to be confused with crescendo communications , inc. a cddi/fddi network equipment manufacturer that cisco systems inc. acquired in 1993 . founded in 2002 , crescendo networks manufactured and sold application delivery controllers which accelerate and optimize website and web application performance .
bank of shanghai co. , ltd. is an urban commercial bank based in shanghai in china . the bank was ranked 108th among the banks around the world by the banker in terms of their tier 1 capital in 2015 .
williams holdings was a major british conglomerate . it was listed on the london stock exchange , and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
dar al-handasah is an international project design , management and supervision consultancy and founding member of the dar group . it is a multidisciplinary consulting organization for architecture , engineering , planning , environment , project management and economics .
associated british picture corporation , originally british international pictures , was a british film production , distribution and exhibition company active from 1927 until 1970 when it was absorbed into emi . abpc also owned approximately 500 cinemas in britain by 1943 . the studio was partly owned by warner bros. from about 1940 until 1969 the american company also owned a stake in abpcs distribution arm , warner-path , from 1958 .
ebm is a swiss energy supplier with head office in mnchenstein . it was founded as a cooperative under private law in 1897 . ebm supplies around 230,000 people with electricity in north-west switzerland and alsace . the company operates 167 local heat supply systems in switzerland , alsace and south germany .
development dialogue is an international conference on social entrepreneurship held by deshpande foundation , a non-governmental organization founded in 1996 by dr. desh deshpande and jaishree deshpande . during this dialogue , delegates from diverse sectors and geographies come together to share proven models , innovations and transforming perspectives about improving social infrastructure .
splice is a cloud-based music creation and collaboration platform , which integrates with key digital audio workstations to offer automated online backup with version control , online and offline collaboration as well as visualization of the creation process . splice raised $ 35 million in a series b round of funding led by draper fisher jurvetson in 2017 .
afreecatv is a p2p technology-based video streaming service . it is now owned and operated by afreecatv co. , ltd. in south korea after nowcoms afreecatv co. , ltd and zettamedia split in 2011 .
telekom srbija is a serbian telecommunications company headquartered in belgrade . the company offers a range of fixed-line , mobile , and internet communication services in serbia , bosnia and herzegovina , montenegro and austria .
the imaginarium , also known as imaginarium productions , is a production company linked to a digital performance-capture studio based in london , founded by actor-director andy serkis and film producer jonathan cavendish in 2011 . the studio is dedicated to the invention of believable , emotionally engaging digital characters using performance capture technology . it specialises in applying motion capture technology in film , television and video games .
the franklin engine company was an american manufacturer of aircraft engines . its designs were used primarily in the civilian market , both in fixed wing and helicopter designs . it was briefly directed towards automobile engines as part of the tucker car corporation , returning to aviation when that company failed . the company was later purchased by the government of poland .
meridix creative , inc. was founded in 2003 and was incorporated in the state of illinois , originally to broadcast live local high school sports online , though the company now offers a broad range of technology services . meridix technology is used by many organizations in the united states , as well as with international customers in canada , puerto rico , spain , iraq , afghanistan , bangladesh , russia , and the united kingdom .
group 1 automotive , inc. is an international fortune 500 automotive retailer with automotive dealerships and collision centers in the united states , united kingdom and brazil . group 1 sells new and used cars and light trucks , arranges financial services , provides maintenance and repair services , and sells vehicle parts . the company is led by former ford motor company executives , ceo earl j. hesterberg and cfo john c. rickel .
the aladdin company was a pioneer in the pre-cut , mail order home industry . its primary competitors were montgomery ward and sears , roebuck and company in the us and eatons in canada . two other kit home manufacturers , lewis and sterling , were also based in bay city . aladdin began operations in 1906 and ceased operations in 1987 . in 2014 the rights to the company name and logo were acquired by charles munro and sold to greenterrahomes in 2018 .
sereal ltd. is trading cards and stickers manufacturer based in silakrogs , latvia with headquarters located in riga , latvia . it is best known for being the official producer of trading cards and stickers for kontinental hockey league . the company under its subsidiary name sereal basket is also the official trading card producer of lithuanian basketball league .
edf energy is an integrated energy company in the united kingdom , with operations spanning electricity generation and the sale of gas and electricity to homes and businesses throughout the united kingdom . it employs 13,331 people and handles 5.7 million customer accounts .
insight enterprises inc. is an arizona-based publicly traded global technology company that focuses on business-to-business and information technology capabilities for enterprises . the company is listed on the fortune 500 and has offices in 22 countries with operations in 200 countries and territories .
desa is a turkish leather goods producer and retailer .
cgu plc was a large insurance group , created by the merger of commercial union and general accident . the company was listed on the london stock exchange .
section23 films is an american multimedia distributor specializing in anime and japanese films . founded in 2009 , section23 films is one of five successors to adv films , as well as the distributor for sentai filmworks and switchblade films . adv had announced that it had sold its assets to a group of companies , including section23 , on september 1 , 2009 . the company is based in houston , texas .
william roberts , will roberts or bill roberts may refer to : .
aussie is an australian retail financial services group with operations spanning all mainland capital cities and major regional centres throughout australia . the commonwealth bank is the 100 per cent shareholder in aussie . as of april 2012 , aussie reported a loan book under management of over a $ 42 billion through 750 brokers and 150 stores . on 18 december 2012 cba increased its share of ownership to 80 % then to 100 % in august 2017 .
comazar is a company that operates railways in africa . its stock is majority owned by the french investment group bollor . comazar was founded by eric peiffer and patrick claes in conjunction with transnet and transurb consult in 1995 . the headquarters are in johannesburg .
centrax , also known as centrax limited is an engineering company based in devon in the power generation industry making generating sets with siemens gas turbine engines . these are known as industrial gas turbines .
lifetalk radio is a network of over 100 radio stations featuring christian music , christian talk and teaching , and other religious programming . its headquarters are in riverside , california . lifetalk radio is the only radio network owned by the north american division of the seventh-day adventist church , and is a ministry of the adventist media center .
toyota boshoku corporation is a japanese automotive component manufacturer . it is a member of the toyota group of companies . toyota boshoku corporation entered the north american market via toyota boshoku america .
dfsb kollective is a south korean agency specializing in the distribution of k-pop songs worldwide .
china civil engineering construction corporation ltd. was established in june 1979 under the approval of the state council of the peoples republic of china . it performs international contracting and economic cooperation , ccecc has been developed from the earlier foreign aid department of the ministry of railways into a large-scale state-owned enterprise for project contracting .
bridge inc. is a japanese animation studio founded in 2007 by former staff from sunrise .
quality assurance international is a u.s.-based international organic certification company that is authorized by the united states department of agriculture as a usda-accredited certifying agent that operates globally to certify organic operations to national organic program standards . it is a for-profit corporation , established in 1989 , and headquartered in san diego , california .
southwest windpower is a wind turbine manufacturer established in 1987 based in flagstaff , arizona , united states . the company specializes in small , reliable battery charging wind generators that complement photovoltaics in supplying energy to rural areas . southwest windpower closed for business in the first quarter of 2013 . the remaining skystream assets were acquired by xzeres wind in july 2013 . xzeres ceo frank greco had been the ceo of southwest windpower .
republika srpska railways is the railway company of republika srpska , bosnia and herzegovina . it is one of the two rail companies in the country . the company operates 424 kilometres of railroad .
our gnrtn sk a fellowship program and startup incubator whose mn to bring together young israeli and palestinian leaders through entrepreneurship . ogs works in partnership with the heller school for social policy and management and masschallenge to give ogs fellows the tools to develop businesses that generate significant social and economic value in the middle east .
the gunawan steel group was an indonesian steel group founded 1989 , which owned several steel works in southeast asia . the groups companies were taken over by the indonesian bank restructuring agency in 1998 following financial problems as a result of the 1997 asian financial crisis .
advisorshares investments is a us-based investment management firm based in bethesda , maryland which offers actively managed exchange-traded funds through the advisorshares trust . fund.com took an interest in the firm in 2008 and the firm launched its first active etf fund in 2009 .
sammys pizza & restaurant is a landmark regional restaurant brand . it was founded in 1954 in hibbing , mn.there are currently 14 affiliated sammys pizza locations , each is independently owned by a member or close relative of the perrella family .
orange moldova is a subsidiary of orange s.a. operating in moldova since april 1998 . the company is also an internet service provider and fixed voice services provider for business . at this time , orange has gsm coverage of 99.4 % of the population , and 98.9 % of the countrys territory , plus 88.5 % of 3g services . orange owns 65.4 % of the telecommunications market and serves two million subscribers .
elmore manufacturing company was a manufacturer of veteran and brass era automobiles and bicycles , headquartered at 504 amanda street , clyde , ohio , from 1893 until 1912 . the company took its name from its original place of manufacture , the nearby village of elmore . founded by harmon von vechten becker and his two sons , james and burton , the elmore used a two-stroke engine design , in straight twin or single-cylinder versions . they later produced a straight-3 as well .
odyssey software provides mobile device management and software development tools to enterprise companies either directly or through partner solutions . its technology allows companies to manage multiple mobile operating systems at a detailed level , including functions such as inventory collection , software management , remote control , and device configuration .
mvs comunicaciones is a mexican media conglomerate . the company owns mastv , mvs radio operator of four national radio networks , mvs televisin operator and distributor of 7 pay television networks , e-go wireless broadband internet and 51 % of dish mxico .
dlohaiti , inc. is a private company providing safe , affordable drinking water to consumers in underserved neighborhoods across haiti . the company is building a network of wells serviced by solar-powered kiosks that are equipped with hi-tech purification systems and information technology . dlohaiti is led by a team of haitian and silicon valley entrepreneurs with previous water experience in haiti , and is backed by several prominent international investors .
standard publishing is christian publishing company founded in 1866 . the founding of standard publishing parallels the history of the restoration movement . isaac erret , herbert moninger , j. d. murch , lillie faris . guy p. leavitt , c. p. sharp , p. h. welshimer , w. r. walker , and burris butler were all editors , publishers , and contributors and were all leaders of the restoration movement .
bitcoin magazine is one of the original news and print magazine publishers specializing in bitcoin and digital currencies . bitcoin magazine began publishing in 2012 , and was co-founded by vitalik buterin and mihai alisie . it is currently owned and operated by btc media in nashville , tennessee . richtopia listed bitcoin magazine as no. 8 on its top 100 most influential companies in blockchain .
exista hf . is an icelandic financial services group formerly listed on the iceland stock exchange . its activities are based primarily on insurance underwriting and other financial services , although it is also active in investments . the groups primary market is the nordic countries .
telcom is a telecommunications network operator in somalia . it is the first major privately owned company providing telecommunications services to cities nationwide .
air namibia limited , which trades as air namibia , is the national airline of namibia , headquartered in windhoek . it operates scheduled domestic , regional , and international passenger and cargo services , having its international hub in windhoek hosea kutako international airport and a domestic hub at the smaller windhoek eros airport . as of december 2013 , the carrier is wholly owned by the namibian government .
alcatel is a french brand of mobile handsets owned by finnish consumer electronics company nokia and used under license by chinese electronics company tcl corporation . the alcatel brand was licensed in 2005 by former french electronics and telecommunications company alcatel-lucent to tcl for mobile phones and devices , and the current license expires at the end of 2024 .
halo burger , formerly known by its full name bill thomas halo burger , is a fast-food restaurant chain based in genesee county , michigan owned by halo country , llc .
sundberg-ferar is an industrial design consultancy headquartered in walled lake , michigan . founded in 1934 by partners carl sundberg and montgomery ferar , the company was among the first industrial design firms to be established in the u.s.sundberg-ferar employs approximately 20 employees in the disciplines of industrial design , mechanical engineering , research , model making and prototyping , interaction design and packaging design .
the bernese oberland railway is a narrow-gauge mountain railway in the bernese highlands of switzerland . it runs , via a y junction at zweiltschinen to serve interlaken and lauterbrunnen and grindelwald .
ultimate software is an american technology company that develops and sells ultipro , a cloud-based human capital management solution for businesses . headquartered in weston , florida , the company was founded in 1990 by current president and ceo , scott scherr , and released its first version of software in 1993 . as of the fourth quarter in 2017 , ultimate software reported total revenues of over $ 940.7 million .
space monkey is a cloud storage company founded by clint gordon-carroll and alen peacock in 2011 . space monkey created a cloud storage service that puts consumer data both on a hard drive located in the home and backed up on other devices . the companys user network is distributed through the cloud . the service prevents data loss due to failing hardware while allowing consumers to access their files any where in the world via the cloud .
intelepeer is a privately held company based in san mateo , california , and is a leading provider of business communications , cloud contact center , enterprise voice services , and sip trunking . the company is backed by venture capital firms vantagepoint venture partners , kennet partners , northcap partners and edf ventures .
kinyara sugar works , whose complete name is kinyara sugar works limited , is a sugar manufacturer in uganda .
renfro foods , inc. is a privately owned , award-winning food producer of salsas , sauces and relishes , including 30 mrs. renfros products , located in fort worth , texas . founded in 1940 as the george renfro food company , renfro foods is now owned and managed by the second and third generations of the renfro family . its products are sold in the united states , the caribbean , canada and the u.k.
aricom plc was a london-listed iron ore mining company with operations in russia . the firm was effectively founded as a spin out from peter hambro mining in 2003 , listing on the london stock exchange and later becoming a member of the ftse 250 . aricom was reacquired by peter hambro mining in april 2009 .
1st source corporation is a financial services company headquartered in south bend , indiana . it operates 1st source bank , a bank with 81 branches in indiana and michigan . the banks specialty finance group provides financing for aircraft , trucks , and construction equipment . 1st source insurance provides insurance products and services .
disneyland , inc. was a corporation formed to finance , build and run disneyland park in anaheim , california .
mcavoy brewing company was run by john h. mcavoy in chicago , illinois and was one of chicagos largest breweries before prohibition . coinciding with the eighteenth amendment going into effect on january 16 , 1920 , the brewery closed in 1920 .
the bank of north dakota is a state-owned-run financial institution , based in bismarck , north dakota . it is the only state-owned facility of its type in the united states other than the puerto rico government development bank .
the university of new hampshire interoperability laboratory is an independent test facility that provides interoperability and standards conformance testing for networking , telecommunications , data storage , and consumer technology products . founded in 1988 , it employs approximately 25 full-time staff members and over 100 part-time undergraduate and graduate students , and counts over 150 companies as members .
ipostparcels is a british parcel delivery company based in birmingham , united kingdom . ipostparcels operates services in the uk including the isle of man from its head office in birmingham in the west midlands although other operational offices and depots exist throughout the uk . the company offers a parcel delivery service throughout the united kingdom and is part of the uk mail , a subsidiary of deutsche post dhl group .
beavertails or queues de castor are a canadian-based chain of pastry stands operated by beavertails canada inc. the chains namesake product is a line of fried dough pastries , individually hand stretched to resemble a beavers tail . the chain originated in killaloe , ontario in 1978 and opened its first permanent store in ottawa two years later .
western marine shipyard limited is a shipbuilding company in the city of chittagong , bangladesh . it was founded in 2000 . the firm has exported vessels to europe and dubai . in 2017 , the finance minister of bangladesh , abul maal abdul muhith , identified western marine shipyards as one of the top twenty loan defaulters in the country .
hella kgaa hueck & co. is an internationally operating german automotive part supplier with headquarters in lippstadt , north rhine-westphalia . the company develops and manufactures lighting and electronic components and systems for the automotive industry , and also has one of the largest trade organizations for automotive parts , accessories , diagnosis and services within europe .
phantom entertainment is a company founded in 2002 by tim roberts which makes computer keyboards . however , phantom is best known for the phantom , a video game console advertised for internet gaming on demand in 2004 it was never marketed , leading to suggestions that it was vaporware . the companys website was last updated in late 2011 .
heritage foods limited is one of the largest private sector dairy enterprises in southern india .
the akita bank , ltd. . is a japanese regional bank headquartered in the city of akita , akita prefecture . although the banks core business comes from akita prefecture , various branches are situated outside of the area . these include koriyama , sapporo , morioka , sendai , and tokyo . the bank was noted for its initial reluctance to establish a wide atm network , finally implementing one in january 2003 .
sally corporation is a dark ride and animatronic manufacturing company based in jacksonville , florida , usa . the company serves amusement parks , attractions , museums , and retail clients worldwide . it offers complete design/build services from concept to installation , including scripting , audio and music production , props and sets , lighting and special effects , electronics , and project management .
royal football fund is a sports investment company based in dubai , united arab emirates , associated to the united investment bank limited .
xelerated inc. , founded in 2000 , was a fabless semiconductor company specializing in assp-based carrier ethernet chipsets . xelerated carried a line of programmable network processing units and ethernet network switches for the metro ethernet , access network and high-end enterprise markets .
springdale farms is a family owned farmers market , located on springdale road in cherry hill , new jersey , united states . it is heavily developed cherry hills only working farm .
blue valley creamery company was a company that operated many creameries and milk plants across the united states .
golden hope plantations berhad was an estate and plantations company in malaysia .
beenox is a video game developer established in 2000 in quebec city , canada . the studio became a wholly owned subsidiary of activision on may 25 , 2005 .
c. crane company , inc. is an american electronics retailer based in fortuna , california . the company mainly deals in specialty radio and lighting equipment and is best known for its geobulb line of led light bulbs .
the mircom group of companies is a manufacturer and distributor of life safety and communications systems including fire detection & alarm , voice evacuation , controlled access and security solutions . the company is headquartered in vaughan , ontario , canada .
khs bicycles is a bicycle manufacturer founded in 1974 with main operations in the united states and taiwan . its bicycles are distributed in over 30 countries . although khs main focus has been in mountain bikes , it has offerings in road bikes , folding bikes , tandem bikes , cruiser bikes , single speed bikes and bmx bikes . some of its products have been favorably reviewed .
komercijalna banka is a bank founded in 1970 with headquarters in belgrade , serbia . as of 2017 , it has a network of 11 business centers , 13 branch offices and 220 branches in serbia , montenegro and bosnia and herzegovina .
as-international is the nonprofit trade association for as-interface users worldwide . as-international is the sole owner of the registered trademark as-interface , and only members may develop and sell products using as-interface technology . the association also controls the certification process , and grants the right to use the as-interface logo on printed and electronic material as well as the products themselves .
lone tree brewery is an israeli kosher brewery located near the west bank settlement of kfar etzion in the gush etzion settlement bloc .
primavera systems , inc was a private company providing project portfolio management software to help project-intensive organizations identify , prioritize , and select project investments and plan , manage , and control projects and project portfolios of all sizes . on january 1 , 2009 oracle corporation took legal ownership of primavera .
founded in 1969 , software ag is an enterprise software company with over 10,000 enterprise customers in over 70 countries . the company is the second largest software vendor in germany , and the seventh largest in europe . software ag is traded on the frankfurt stock exchange under the symbol sow and part of the technology index tecdax .
short flight/long drive books is an independent , non-profit small press specializing in the publication of fiction . a division of hobart , short flight/long drive book was founded in 2006 with elizabeth ellen as editor .
the punjab northern state railway , opened in 1876 , was a railway line between lahore and peshawar .
essendant , formerly known as united stationers , is a national wholesale distributor of workplace essentials , with consolidated net sales of $ 5.3 billion . in 2013 , it ranked 484 out of the fortune 500 companies . essendant stocks a broad assortment of over 160,000 items including traditional office products , office furniture , janitorial and break room supplies , technology products , industrial supplies and automotive aftermarket tools and equipment .
serbian railways is a serbian engineering and technical consulting company based in belgrade , serbia . serbian railways is an affiliated member of the international union of railways . in august 2015 , the government of serbia established three new companies which took over serbian railways former jurisdictions - srbija voz , srbija kargo and serbian railways infrastructure .
london fields brewery is a brewery in the london fields area of hackney , east london , in the united kingdom . it was the first commercial brewery to open in hackney since the 19th century . as of december 2014 , the company has fallen into trouble following the arrest of co-founder julian de vere whiteway-wilkinson , on suspicion of tax evasion . in 2017 , london fields brewery was purchased in a joint-venture by brooklyn brewery and carlsberg uk with plans to bring brewing back onsite .
gaumard scientific is a miami , florida-based company that creates simulators for major teaching hospitals and nursing schools , medical military training and emergency medical services . the company traces its history to 1946 and has 300 employees .
the provincial waterworks authority is a thai state enterprise under the ministry of interior . the pwa is responsible for the production and distribution of potable water that meets who standards to 74 provinces throughout thailandall except bangkok , samut prakan , and nonthaburi -RRB- which are served by the metropolitan waterworks authority .
fridthjof film is a danish film production company founded by ronnie fridthjof in 2000 .
the busan transportation corporation was established january 1 , 2006 , following the abolition of the busan urban transit authority , which was founded in 1987 . it currently operates the busan metro line 1-4 and busan gimhae light rail transit in busan and gimhae , south korea . in addition , it provides all the information about the routes in korean , english , chinese and japanese .
heilerde-gesellschaft luvos just gmbh & co. kg is a german manufacturer of medicinal clay - based products for both internal and external application . four different fineness grades of loess in both capsule and powder form are available from the company , as well as cosmetics products . the luvos purified loess consists mainly of montmorillonite .
rogue ales is a brewery founded in 1988 in ashland , oregon , united states . the following year the company opened their second brewpub in newport , oregon where they are now headquartered . they operate brewpubs in oregon , washington , and california . rogue exports throughout the us and internationally . the company has also expanded into distilling as well , with micro distilleries in newport and portland .
condusiv technologies is a software company based in burbank , california . the company was formerly known as diskeeper corporation , a name derived from its flagship product , diskeeper , a file-system defragmentation software package for microsoft windows and openvms . before adopting the diskeeper name , the company was known as executive software international , inc.
tradepal is a real-time marketplace application that makes it convenient to trade and exchange with people in and around communities . the company develops technologies that facilitate the building of a proprietary interest graph leading to the discovery , sharing and trading of items among like-minded people .
rafael advanced defense systems ltd. , known as rafael or rafael , is an israeli defense technology company . it was founded as israels national r & d defense laboratory for the development of weapons and military technology within the ministry of defense in 2002 it was incorporated as a limited company .
biomarin pharmaceutical inc. is an american biotechnology company headquartered in san rafael , california . it has offices and facilities in the united states , south america , asia , and europe . biomarins core business and research is in enzyme replacement therapies . biomarin was the first company to provide therapeutics for mucopolysaccharidosis type i , by manufacturing laronidase .
virgin mobile south africa is a mobile virtual network operator which was launched in 2006 as a joint venture between sir richard bransons virgin group and cell c. based in johannesburg , the bustling business-hub of south africa , virgin mobile south africa has established itself as a dynamic and growing brand with stores nationwide . in february 2011 , cell c sold its stake to virgin group and calico investments , after which virgin group assumed a controlling stake .
heritage oil is an independent jersey-based oil and gas exploration and production company . its activities are focused on africa , the middle east and russia . in june 2014 the company was acquired by a fund owned by the former chief executive of qatars sovereign wealth fund .
bremer vulkan ag was a prominent german shipbuilding company located at the weser river in bremen-vegesack . it was founded in 1893 and closed in 1997 because of financial problems and mismanagement . altogether the bremer vulkan built about 1100 ships - including the ships of the predecessor johann lange shipyard - of different types .
viacom media networks , formerly known as mtv networks , is an american mass media division of viacom that oversees the operations of many of its television channels and internet brands . its sister international division is viacom international media networks . the company was founded in 1984 after warner communications and american express decided to divest the basic cable assets of warner-amex satellite entertainment , renaming it as mtv networks , inc.
goodman fielder is a joint hong kong/singapore-owned manufacturer , marketer and distributor of bread , small goods , dairy products , margarine , oil , dressings and various food ingredients . its main operations are in new zealand , australia , fiji , papua new guinea , and new caledonia , with over 40 manufacturing sites . the company employs over 5,000 people , and has more than 120 brands .
minco is a privately owned company with over 650 employees worldwide . based in fridley , minnesota , the company designs and manufactures flexible printed circuit boards and interconnects , rtd based temperature sensors and assemblies , thermal solutions for medical , defense , aerospace , industrial , and food service applications .
windowswear is a fashion technology company founded in 2012 and headquartered in new york city that showcases display windows in real-time in major cities .
onitsuka tiger is one of the oldest shoe companies in japan , tracing its history back to the formation of onitsuka co ltd in 1949 when 32-year-old former military officer kihachiro onitsuka started his company with the hopes of raising postwar youth self-esteem through athletics .
abp induction systems is a global industrial firm that develops and integrates induction-related equipment and services for foundries , forges , tube and pipe producers , general manufacturers using heating equipment and manufacturers of micro electronics . with foundry headquarters in dortmund , germany , induction heating headquarters in brookfield , wi united states , and operations in china , sweden , thailand , russia , mexico , india , japan and brazil , abp operates worldwide .
waves audio ltd. is a developer and supplier of professional digital audio signal processing technologies and audio effects , used in recording , mixing , mastering , post production , broadcast , and live sound . the companys corporate headquarters and main development facilities are located in tel aviv , with additional offices in the united states , china , and taiwan , and development centers in india and ukraine . in 2011 , waves won a technical grammy award .
west of grafton street ltd. or west jewellers was a jewellery store which was last located on 33 grafton street in dublin , ireland . it was considered the oldest european jewellery store and one of the oldest companies in ireland .
immersion corporation of san jose , california , is a developer and licensor of touch feedback technology , also known as haptic technology . it was founded in 1993 by louis rosenberg . immersions technology is used in digital technology in mobile devices , automotive touchscreen and touchpads , medical training equipment , gaming consoles and other consumer electronics .
adornis.com was an online jewelry retailer created during the 90s dot-com boom that later collapsed .
yasa is a british manufacturer of electric motors and motor controllers for use in automotive and industrial applications . the company was founded in 2009 by dr tim woolmer , who has stayed on as the cto and is also the holder of a number of related motor technology patents . although initial commercial adoption was in high-performance cars , markets for yasa motors and generators now include the off-road , marine , industrial and aerospace sectors .
healthgrades operating company inc. , known as healthgrades , is a us company that provides information about physicians , hospitals and health care providers . healthgrades has amassed information on over 3 million u.s. health care providers . the company was founded by kerry hicks and is based in denver , colorado . rob draughon serves as the companys ceo . according to usa today , healthgrades is the first comprehensive physician rating and comparison database .
a-wear was an irish chain of womens clothing stores with a wide number of operations in the republic of ireland and northern ireland . the brand also operated internationally through its online store at awear.com and stores within the united kingdom . it ceased trading in january 2014 .
greene king is the uks largest pub retailer and brewer . it is based in bury st edmunds , suffolk , england . the company owns pubs , restaurants and hotels . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
student edge is an australian organisation that seeks to enrich the lives of students across the country . the company aims to do this by helping students save and manage money , prepare for the workplace , find jobs and make informed career and life decisions . the company currently has approximately 900,000 members .
whitestein technologies ag , often abbreviated to whitestein , is a multi-national information technology company headquartered in cham , switzerland . the company produces licensable software products and associated services for financial services , logistics , telecommunications , and public sector organizations . all products offer optimization of systems and processes within their target domain , and are grounded on the intelligent agent approach to software design .
ikarus is a bus manufacturer based in budapest , hungary . it was established in 1895 as uhri imre kovcs - s kocsigyrt zeme .
howaldtswerke-deutsche werft is a german shipbuilding company , headquartered in kiel . it is part of the thyssenkrupp marine systems group , owned by thyssenkrupp . the howaldtswerke shipyard was founded in kiel in 1838 and merged with hamburg-based deutsche werft to form howaldtswerke-deutsche werft in 1968 . the companys shipyard was formerly used by friedrich krupp germaniawerft until the end of world war ii .
amalto technologies s.a. is a software development company based in paris , france . the company develops and operates business-to-business document exchange software solutions and provides system integration services . it serves the oil & gas , industrial , environmental and enterprise markets . amalto technologies is a private company owned by its management , employees and venture capitalists . it has offices in the us , france and canada .
morrison facilities services plc is a united kingdom based public limited company that specialises in providing facilities services to private businesses and central and local government bodies . the core area of the business is the repairs and maintenance of social housing . morrison is responsible for the maintenance of more than 400,000 properties in the united kingdom . it was a subsidiary of anglian water group , until mears group plc bought this in november 2012 .
weichert , realtors is a residential and commercial real estate franchise headquartered in morris plains , new jersey .
ume energi is an energy company based in the town of ume in sweden . it is responsible for the supply of electricity , along with providing district cooling , district heating as well as broadband services through a subsidiary by the name of umenet .
the munke mlle is the oldest still functioning company in denmark founded in 1135 as a water mill on the odense river in odense city . the mill has been a purveyor to 38 kings and 2 queens , and today produces bread and cake mixes .
the lucchese boot company -LRB- -RRB- is an american retailer of cowboy boots .
ambient entertainment gmbh & co. kg is a german filmproduction studio , specialized in cgi animation movies .
accesskenya group is a kenyan company specializing on internet service provision , with headquarters at purshottam place in the westlands suburb of nairobi . it is a wholly owned subsidiary of dimension data holdings . the companys services are classified under the 5c strategy focus of internet solutions i.e. cloud , communication , connectivity , carrier and customer focus .
vits is a british furniture company that manufactures and retails furniture designed by dieter rams . vitss furniture is known as a german design classic .
parker brothers was an american toy and game manufacturer which later became a brand of hasbro . more than 1,800 games were published under the parker brothers name since 1883 . among its products were monopoly , cluedo , sorry ! , risk , trivial pursuit , ouija , aggravation , bop it and probe . the trade name is now defunct former products are marketed under the hasbro gaming label .
keshavarzi bank , also known as agribank , is a major iranian banking establishment offering retail and commercial services . the company was established in 1933 and as a farming and industrial bank . currently , the bank serves as the only specialized financial institution in the agricultural sector that holds over 1800 branches nationwide and finances nearly 70 % of the iranian agricultural sector .
the american character doll company was an american toy company specializing in dolls . their most popular dolls included tiny tears , tressy , butterball doll , sweet sue , and toodles . founded in 1919 , the companys fortunes peaked in the mid-20th century , as they sold millions of dolls exclusively to retailers and mail order houses such as sears and montgomery ward . american character dolls went bankrupt in 1968 , with their assets acquired by the ideal toy company .
technoflex international is a canadian company headquartered in bois-des-filion , canada that designs , develops and distributes products made from 100 % recycled post-consumer materials . the company was founded in 1993 in longueuil , canada by former ceo jean-luc hebert and pierre bourgeois .
transunion cibil limited is a credit information company operating in india . it maintains credit files on 600 million individuals and 32 million businesses . transunion is one of four credit bureaus operating in india and is part of transunion , an american multinational group .
grandis , inc. , founded in 2002 by paul nguyen , was a company backed by venture capital firms such as sevin rosen funds and matrix partners to pioneer non-volatile thin-film memory solutions based on spintronics . it invented spin transfer torque - random access memory , a new technology claimed to revolutionize the performance of products in areas ranging from computers and consumer electronics to automotive , medical , military , and space .
bahrain telecommunications company is the principal telecommunications company in the kingdom of bahrain . the company is headquartered in bahrain and is listed on the bahrain bourse . it provides services for mobiles through gsm 900 / gsm 1800 / gsm 2100 and lte 1800 while its residential internet is an adsl , wireless or ftth service .
grotto pizza is a chain of restaurants that sell pizza and other italian-american dishes , primarily located in the u.s. state of delaware with a few locations in maryland and pennsylvania . the chain originated in rehoboth beach , delaware in 1960 , and has since expanded across the state of delaware . over the past few decades , it has become a regional pizza icon with a loyal following from both locals and tourists .
g-technology is a brand of external storage products designed and marketed for the macintosh , creative pro , photography and a/v markets . its usb , firewire , esata , sas , scsi thunderbolt , and fibre channel systems support all levels of audio/video production . it is owned by hgst , a subsidiary of western digital .
severfield plc is the largest structural steel specialist in the uk . the companys major works include the shard , the olympic stadium , and the tate modern . severfield plc is listed on the london stock exchange .
general fusion is a canadian company based in burnaby , british columbia , which was created for the development of fusion power based on magnetized target fusion . as of 2017 they were developing subsystems for use in a prototype to be built in three to five years . the company is funded by a variety of investors .
pamlico capital , formerly wachovia capital partners and previously first union capital partners , is an independent private equity firm focused on growth capital and leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies in the business services , technology services , telecommunications and healthcare industries . the firm , which is based in charlotte , north carolina , was founded in 1988 as the private equity investment arm of first union corporation .
nbcuniversal cable entertainment group , formerly nbcuniversal cable entertainment & cable studios , is the division of nbcuniversal that oversees all of the conglomerates non-sports cable television channels .
t. rowe price group , inc. is an american publicly owned global asset management firm that offers funds , advisory services , account management , and retirement plans and services for individuals , institutions , and financial intermediaries . the firm , with assets under management of more than $ 900 billion at the end of 2017 , is headquartered at 100 east pratt street in baltimore , maryland , and its 16 international offices serve clients in 47 countries around the world .
on the beach group plc is a uk-based travel retailer specialising in short and medium haul holidays to europe . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
delphi glass corporation is a privately held american retail and wholesale company specializing in art glass supplies . delphi glass was founded in 1972 by dan daniels in lansing , michigan where the company is still located today .
melrose industries plc is a london-based company that specialises in buying and improving underperforming businesses . its shares are listed on the london stock exchange as a constituent of the ftse 100 index . melroses main subsidiary is brush turbogenerators .
ivi inc. also called ivi , is a seattle-based american corporation which offers a software application providing live video streaming over the internet for a flat rate . ivi is the first online cable company . the ivi tv player is a downloadable software application that runs on windows , macintosh , or linux computers that offers live television over the internet .
hq ab is a swedish finance and banking corporation founded by sven hagstrmer and mats qviberg , and which is currently being liquidated after having had its banking licence revoked on august 28 , 2010 .
wem brewing company is a micro brewery in wem shropshire , established in 1988 that produces a range of ales .
the mexican council on foreign relation comexi was established the 22 november 2001 . so far , it is the only plural and multidisciplinary forum , focused in the debate and analysis of mexicos role in the world and the growing influence of international events on the national agenda . the council is a civic association , nonprofit and independent of government . it is financed entirely by its members contributions .
lamplight analytics is a social media analytics company headquartered in hong kong . the company provides a software-as-a-service social media platform called lamplight that allows users to capture and aggregate data from social media , blogs , boards , forums and other media online .
shoe zone is a footwear retailer in the united kingdom and ireland which sells shoes at low prices . it has over 500 stores in different cities and towns throughout the uk and ireland and over 4,000 employees . the company has an annual turnover of 239 million . the companys headquarters are located on humberstone road in leicester next to the railway .
the interroll worldwide group is a manufacturer of products for unit-load handling systems , internal logistics and automation . established in 1959 and listed on the swiss stock exchange , the interroll group employs 2000 people at 32 subsidiaries worldwide and generated 2016 a turnover of 401.5 million swiss francs .
the doppelmayr garaventa group is an austrian - swiss company that manufactures chairlifts , cable cars , gondolas , surface tows for ski and amusement parks , as well as urban people movers and material handling systems . to date , doppelmayr and garaventa have produced over 14,600 installations in 89 countries . the doppelmayr/garaventa group was formed in 2002 when doppelmayr of wolfurt , austria merged with garaventa ag of switzerland to form the worlds largest ropeway manufacturer .
caesars entertainment corporation , is an american gaming corporation based in paradise , nevada that owns and operates over 50 casinos and hotels , and seven golf courses under several brands . it was the fourth-largest gaming company in the world , with annual revenues of $ 8.6 billion . caesars is a public company , majority-owned by a group of private equity firms led by apollo global management and tpg capital .
wyman-gordon is a company that designs and manufactures complex metal components . founded in 1883 as a manufacturer of crankshafts for looms , it has a long history of making forged metal components , particularly for the aerospace industry . wyman-gordon is now a subsidiary of precision castparts corp. , and is based in houston , texas . it has 13 plants in five countries , and employed about 2,500 people as of 2012 .
the quaker oats company , known as quaker , is an american food conglomerate based in chicago . it has been owned by pepsico since 2001 .
hyosung corporation is a south korean industrial conglomerate , founded in 1966 . it operates in various fields , including the chemical industry , industrial machinery , it , trade , and construction . it is known in korea mostly for high-end apartments and automatic teller machines . its ceo is s. r. cho -LRB- -RRB- .
luminex software , inc. is a developer and provider of disk-based mainframe virtual tape products and technologies for backup , archive and disaster recovery .
the united farmers of alberta is an association of alberta farmers that has served different roles in its 100-year history as a lobby group , a successful political party , and as a farm-supply retail chain . as a political party , it formed the government of alberta from 1921 to 1935 . since 1935 , it has primarily been an agricultural supply cooperative headquartered in calgary , alberta .
dp information group is a singapore credit and business information bureau formed in 1978 . as of 2007 it was considered the largest providers of credit and business information in singapore .
needlers was a sweet manufacturer based in kingston upon hull , england . the company was founded in the 19th century and sold to hillsdown holdings in 1986 .
the dineen group is an australian owner of bus and coach companies in new south wales and victoria .
bowers coaches was a bus company based in chapel-en-le-frith , derbyshire , england . the company operated bus and coach services in cheshire east , derbyshire and greater manchester from 1952 until 2012 . in its later years , it was a subsidiary of centrebus .
xyz films is an american film production and sales company . it was founded in 2008 and focuses on international genre films , including the raid : redemption , the raid 2 , and on the job .
scheels all sports -LRB- -RRB- is an american privately held , employee-owned and operated sporting goods and entertainment chain store headquartered in fargo , north dakota . scheels operates twenty-six store locations in twelve u.s. states . its slogan is gear . passion . sports .
boden is a british clothing retailer selling primarily online and by mail order and catalogue . it was founded by johnnie boden in 1991 as a mail-order business . the company sells in several countries , with websites for the united kingdom , the united states , germany , and australia . the value of boden has been estimated at 300 million . in 2015 , boden announced plans to open a number of physical stores .
the continental baking company was one of the first bakeries to introduce fortified bread . it was the maker of the twinkie and wonder bread . through a series of acquisitions and mergers it became part of the former hostess brands company .
the veterans of foreign wars , officially known as the veterans of foreign wars of the united states , is an american war veterans organization with headquarters in kansas city , missouri . the vfw was established by james c. putnam on september 29 , 1899 . the organizations membership consists of veterans who , as soldiers , sailors , marines , coast guardsmen , or airmen , served the u.s. in wars , campaigns , and expeditions on foreign soil or hostile waters .
albedo telecom is a company that designs and manufactures products for the telecom industry including testers , synchronization nodes and networking devices . typical users are r & d laboratories , mobile and telecom operators to verify and install the infrastructures that support any kind of applications based on voice , video and data . it is headquartered in barcelona , spain in the european union .
bill barrett corporation is an energy company based in denver , colorado . its core business is natural gas and oil exploration and development in the rocky mountains region of the united states .
walter mart is a filipino chain of community shopping malls located in metro manila , central and south luzon . the chain operates anchor stores in their malls including its subsidiaries walter mart cinemas , walter mart supermarket , abenson appliances , homeplus furniture , electroworld and sb furnitures and other filipino retailers including watsons , ace hardware , handy man , robinsons department store , mi department store , uno factory outlet , japan homes and w department store .
malheur home telephone company , commonly known as malheur bell , was a rural telephone company operating in oregon . it was a wholly owned subsidiary of qwest corporation , the bell operating company of qwest communications international .
foreverspin is a canadian independent manufacturer founded in february 2014 by ruben gonzalez , viktor grabovskyy , and cristobal uribe , headquartered in toronto , ontario . it manufactures and sells toy tops that are cnc-machined of metal in a variety of finishes . the company funded the initial manufacture of its tops through a series of financially successful crowdfunding campaigns .
baderbru is a czech-style pilsner beer first brewed in 1988 by the pavichevich brewing company based in elmhurst , illinois . after pavichevich brewing declared bankruptcy in 1997 , goose island took over production of the beer until 2002 . acquisition of the baderbru trademark in 2010 by entrepreneur rob sama led to the creation of the baderbru brewing company , which resumed brewing of the baderbru pilsner .
comres is a market research consultancy headquartered in london , uk and operating internationally . established in 2003 as communicate research ltd , comres was a founding member of the british polling council in 2004 , and is one of the uks best known polling companies . the company is prominent in the british media through its regular voting intention polls for itv news , the daily mail , and for its surveys of legislators in westminster and brussels .
isofoton was a global company , present in over 60 countries . isofoton was involved in designing , manufacturing , and supplying solar energy products . its activities were centered in three technology categories : photovoltaic , thermal , and high concentration photovoltaic .
debmar-mercury is a television syndication company that is a wholly owned subsidiary of lionsgate .
royal enfield is an indian motorcycle manufacturing brand with the tag of the oldest global motorcycle brand in continuous production manufactured in factories in chennai in india . licensed from royal enfield by the indigenous indian madras motors , it is now a subsidiary of eicher motors limited , an indian automaker . the company makes the royal enfield bullet , and other single-cylinder motorcycles .
high hill entertainment is a miami-based independent video production company . it was founded in 2007 by entrepreneur tomas elias gonzalez and chef carlos mesber . high hill does work across latin america and counts univision , telemundo , mgm , amc networks and the national basketball association among its clients . high hill produces several popular tv shows such as sabrosa pasin and suelta la sopa .
nasdaq nordic is the common name for the subsidiaries of nasdaq , inc. that provide financial services and operate marketplaces for securities in nordic , baltic , and caucasus countries . historically , the operations have been known by the company name omx ab , which was created in 2003 upon a merger between om ab and hex plc. in 2015 , the legal entity omx ab was renamed nasdaq ab , but it also operates under the alias nasdaq omx ab .
cumulus networks is a computer software company headquartered in mountain view , california , usa . the company designs and sells a linux operating system for industry standard network switches to deliver networking solutions for large datacenter , cloud computing , and enterprise environments .
vdeo brinquedo is a brazilian animation studio , located in so paulo , that produces direct-to-video animated films widely viewed as mockbusters of comparable films from walt disney pictures , pixar animation studios , dreamworks animation , 20th century fox , blue sky studios , hasbro studios , sony pictures animation and astley baker davies .
huawei symantec technologies co. ltd. was a developer , producer and supplier of network security , storage and computing solutions . the joint venture was disbanded in march 2012 when symantec sold its share in the company to huawei , which is headquartered in chengdu , china . huawei originally owned 51 % of the company , while symantec owned 49 % .
coface is a credit insurer operating globally , offering companies solutions to protect them against the risk of financial default of their clients , both in their domestic and export market . in complement to credit insurance , coface also offers debt collection services , factoring and business information , as well as bonds . created in 1946 , coface was listed on the euronext paris stock exchange in 2014 .
sub pop is a record label founded in 1986 by bruce pavitt . in 1988 , sub pop records llc was formed by pavitt and jonathan poneman in seattle , washington . sub pop achieved fame in the late 1980s for first signing seattle bands such as nirvana , soundgarden , and mudhoney , central players in the emerging grunge movement .
constructor group as is a norwegian-registered international company , with headquarters in oslo , that specialises in the manufacture and supply of shelving , pallet racking and similar storage systems , primarily for commercial use in offices , factories , warehouses , museums , archives , libraries and retail outlets .
thomas properties group was an american real estate company based out of the city national plaza in los angeles , california . it was founded in 1996 by james a. thomas , and on march 9 , 2004 , it went public under the ticker symbol tpgi . on december 20 , 2013 thomas properties merged with parkway properties . the company owned properties in california , pennsylvania , virginia , and texas , the properties not sold off are now owned by parkway .
the claxton bakery is a confectionery company based in claxton , georgia .
abbott informatics is a subsidiary of abbott laboratories that develops and sells web-based laboratory information management systems - software used to manage the collection , processing , storage , retrieval and analysis of information generated in laboratories .
cakewalk , inc. was a music production software company based in boston , massachusetts . the companys best known product was their professional-level digital audio workstation software , sonar . sonar integrates multi-track recording and editing of digital audio and midi . the company also offers a full range of music software products , including pyro audio creatora digital music management program , and dimension proa virtual instrument .
alembic group is an indian conglomerate holding company headquartered in vadodara , gujarat , india . it was founded in 1907 and was initially known as alembic chemical works company ltd. it is one of the oldest industrial houses in india and has a diversified portfolio of business . their major businesses include , pharmaceuticals , healthcare , engineering , chemicals and glassware production . in 2014-15 , the market cap of alembic group was 9,578 crore while its turnover was 2,200 crore .
world entertainment news network is an entertainment text , photo and video wire service headquartered in london with offices in los angeles , new york , las vegas and berlin . wenns subscribers include newspapers , magazines , radio stations , television networks , mobile phone company and websites . . it also owns the cover images picture agency .
petrosun is an energy company specializing in oil and gas exploration and algae fuel . it is headquarters are in scottsdale , arizona , usa .
azqtel is an azerbaijan-based telecommunications company founded in 2005 . the company is a joint venture . its owners include investors and transkaspian telecom llc of baku , azerbaijan .
glysens , a biomedical technology company , is a privately owned corporation developing a long term internal continuous glucose monitor in order to effectively manage and observe glucose levels in real-time . the glysens icgm system is the worlds first surgically implanted cgm system to demonstrate an 18-month performance in a preclinical setting . glysens incorporated was founded in 1998 by david a. gough and joseph lucisano , a ucsd bioengineering graduate .
bazillion points is a book publishing company owned and operated by author ian christe . it was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in brooklyn , new york .
the ithaca gun company is a manufacturer of shotguns and rifles originally established in ithaca , new york in 1880 .
the lost rhino brewing company is a brewery located in ashburn , virginia , usa . the company produces both beer and root beer . their flagship pilsner-style beer is called rhino chasers pilsner .
hireright inc. is an american background screening company based in irvine , california . on august 3 , 2010 , hireright parent company altegrity risk international announced it had completed the acquisition of kroll inc. from marsh & mclennan companies in an all-cash transaction valued at $ 1.13 billion . both powerchex and kroll background screening are now fully owned subsidiaries of hireright .
polar electro oy is a manufacturer of sports training computers , particularly known for developing the worlds first wireless heart rate monitor . the company is based in kempele , finland and was founded in 1977 . it now has 26 subsidiaries with 12,000 total employees that supply over 35,000 retail outlets in more than 80 countries the polar company itself has approximately 1200 employees worldwide .
capital airlines was an airline headquartered in lagos , nigeria , that operated scheduled and chartered domestic flights out of its base at murtala muhammed international airport and ilorin international airport .
hughes communications is an american enterprise , it is a leading provider of satellite communications services . the company operates its satellite business through its wholly owned subsidiary , hughes network systems llc.in 2011 , hughes was acquired by echostar in a deal valued at us $ 1.3 billion . hughes employs 1,900 people worldwide , including 1,200 in maryland . other major locations are in india , nevada and germany , according to a regulatory filing .
swann galleries is a new york city auction house founded in 1941 . it is a specialist auctioneer of antique and rare works on paper , and it is considered the oldest continually operating new york specialist auction house . the company has separate specialist departments for books , autographs and manuscripts , maps and atlases , photographs and photographic literature , prints and drawings , vintage posters , and african-american fine art .
wgl holdings , inc. , is a public utility holding company located in the united states that serves customers in the district of columbia , maryland , and virginia . the companys washington gas light company subsidiary distributes natural gas to more than one million customers .
the public interest registry is a reston , virginia-based not-for-profit created by the internet society in 2002 to manage the . org top-level domain . it took over operation of . org in january 2003 and launched the . ngo and . ong domain names in march 2015 . the organization is involved in internet policy , education and security issues , like the domain name system security extensions protocol , domain tasting , dns filtering and internet adoption in third world countries .
betterware was a united kingdom direct sales company for household products .
foundry networks , inc. was a networking hardware vendor selling high-end ethernet switches and routers .
the cypress group is a private equity company focused on leveraged buyout investments in companies across a range of industry sectors . at its peak in the late 1990s and early 2000s , cypress was among the largest us private equity firms , although by the end of the decade the firm would find itself in the process of winding down its operations .
the southern whaling and sealing company ltd were a united kingdom-based whaling and sealing company , originally formed in 1911 by the partnership of richard irvin & sons of north shields and the south african based fishing company irvin & johnson . latterly they were sold to lever bros. , in 1919 and re-sold to christian salvesen ltd in 1941 .
assia , inc. is a company that develops and sells products and software for managing broadband networks and residential wi-fi networks . assia is an acronym for adaptive spectrum and signal alignment .
opal divines is a popular bar and grill as well as a live music venue with three locations in austin , texas . the establishment offers casual dining , and offers a full bar with over 60 whiskeys and 36 beers on tap . the establishment consistently wins awards from the austin chronicle best of austin critics poll and readers poll .
bidwells llp is a multi-disciplined firm of property and agribusiness consultants offering property services and consultancy in the u.k. bidwells has 13 offices throughout the u.k , 9 of which are located in england and 4 in scotland . property week ranks bidwells in its top 20 property consultants , making it largest independent property consultancy outside london .
mitre 10 is an australian retail and trade hardware store chain . operations are based on a co-operative system where the store owners are members of the national group and each has voting rights . the chain name references the mitre joint , but was inspired by the mitre tavern in melbourne . there are over 400 mitre 10 and its associated true value hardware franchises throughout australia .
elitmus evaluation private limited is an indian company that helps companies in hiring employees for entry-level jobs . it was founded in the year 2005 by former employees of infosys . some of the fortune 500 companies hire their employees through the ph test conducted by elitmus .
eclarity pte ltd is an online specialty retailer of jewelry . eclarity was registered in year 2000 and today owns an online diamonds database with more than 20,000 pieces of diamonds , 400 designs of wedding bands , and other jewelry . eclarity is based in singapore , and competes with traditional jewelry retail chain stores , and global online retailer stores such as ringsberry and blue nile inc. .
lionsgate premiere is the specialty film division of entertainment company lionsgate films . the company will release films theatrically and through the video on demand market and streaming services .
qcr holdings , inc. , through its subsidiaries , provides commercial and consumer banking , and trust and asset management services for the quad city , cedar rapids , and rockford communities . qcr holdings , inc. was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in moline , illinois .
eljeznice federacije bosne i hercegovine is the railway company of the federation of bosnia and herzegovina . it is one of the two rail companies of bosnia and herzegovina . the company operates 608 km of railroad .
bravelets is an e-commerce jewelry store that contributes a portion of the money from each purchase towards the charitable organization of the purchasers choosing . the company , which is headquartered in austin , texas , was founded by stephanie hansen in early 2012 after her mother became ill with breast cancer .
intermap technologies is a publicly traded company headquartered in douglas county , colorado , united states . intermap provides geospatial solutions that allow gis professionals in commercial and government organizations worldwide to build a broad range of applications . industries such as energy , engineering , government , risk management , telecommunications , water resource management , and automotive use intermaps nextmap 3d terrain products and geospatial services .
gulf and western industries , inc. , was an american conglomerate . gulf and westerns origins date to a manufacturer named the michigan bumper company founded in 1934 , although charles bluhdorn treated his 1958 takeover of what was then michigan plating and stamping , as its founding for the purpose of later anniversaries .
baltic soft is a russian software company that specializes on software development for information systems in sphere of large and average business . russian clients of baltic soft are : tricolor tv , platforma hd , no limit electronics . foreign client is penthouse hd tv company . baltic soft has parthnership with intel and microsoft corporations .
toadworks is a guitar effect brand owned by ryan dunn and doug harrison based in spokane , washington . toadworks is primarily known for manufacturing the mr. ed distortion pedal , the barracuda flanger , and the texas flood overdrive .
hipster whale is an australian independent video game developer and publisher founded in 20 november 2014 by andy sum and matt hall , shortly before making the game crossy road . the company has also created the games shooty skies , pac-man 256 , and disney crossy road .
kojima productions co. , ltd. is a japanese video game development studio founded in 2005 by video game designer hideo kojima , creator of the metal gear series . the company was originally established as a subsidiary of konami , located in tokyo . the studio had just under 100 employees in 2005 but had grown to over 200 people for the development of metal gear solid 4 : guns of the patriots . in 2015 , kojima productions temporarily disbanded following a company restructuring at konami .
imperial pacific international holdings limited -LRB- sehk : 1076 is a chinese investment holding company . it was founded with headquarters in hong kong and originally named first natural foods holdings until it was renamed in may 2014 . it operates as a subsidiary of inventive star limited .
learn.com was a software company headquartered in sunrise , florida . learn.com provided on-demand learning management and talent management software , and e-learning courses .
element electronics is a privately held u.s. consumer electronics company in south carolina .
artepiazza is a video game development and computer graphics studio based in japan . their name derives from the italian words for art and a public square .
vitamix , privately owned and operated by the barnard family since 1921 , manufactures high-performance blenders for consumers and for the restaurant and hospitality industry . vitamix has been based in olmsted township , ohio since 1948 . it employs more than 1,000 people , most at its northeast ohio headquarters , customer service , and manufacturing facilities .
kimball international consists of three furniture brands : kimball , national , and kimball hospitality . it is the successor to w.w. kimball and company , the worlds largest piano and organ manufacturer at certain times in the 19th and 20th centuries .
wins movie and television production co. , ltd. -RRB- originally known as wins movie production & i/e co. ltd. and wins entertainment co. ltd. , was a hong kong film production company that was formed by producer charles heung and his brother jimmy heung . following its establishment in 1990 , wins entertainment went on to become one of the powerful film producers in hong kong .
the seep network is a non-profit organization that acts as a network for practitioners working in microenterprise development and microfinance fields . founded in 1985 by elaine edgcomb and candace nelson and sponsored by the bill and melinda gates foundation , ford foundation , citi foundation , usaid , and omidyar network , the seep network since then has developed into a global learning community of 124 member organizations .
stillking films is a production company based in the czech republic . its films include mission impossible ghost protocol , child 44 , snowpiercer and others . it is owned by matthew stillman . stillking films is the biggest production company in the czech republic .
uhlsport gmbh is a german sporting goods manufacturer . originally established in 1948 as haase & uhl ohg and later renamed karl uhl gmbh , the company became uhlsport gmbh in 1994 . it is an international company which has its permanent headquarters in balingen in baden-wrttemberg , germany . the company manufactures and distributes its products through the brands uhlsport , kempa , spalding and blk .
ion storm , l.p. was an american video game developer founded by video game industry veterans john romero and tom hall , both formerly of id software . despite an impressive pedigree and high expectations the company only produced one commercial and critical success , 2000s deus ex . the company was founded in dallas , texas in november 1996 a branch in austin , texas was opened in 1997 . in april 1999 , eidos interactive acquired 51 % of the studio in exchange for advances to the developers .
norwich pharma services , previously known as norwich eaton pharmaceuticals and norwich pharmaceuticals , is a manufacturer , packager , and distributor of prescription drugs and over-the-counter products . laboratory support services include stability evaluation , microbiological testing , analytical testing and method development . the company was formed in 1887 .
the royal viking line was an upmarket cruise line that operated from 1972 until 1998 . the company was the brain child of warren titus and had its headquarters at one embarcadero center in san francisco .
nuova cassa di risparmio di ferrara s.p.a. known as nuova carife -LSB- new carife -RSB- in short , was an italian bank , based in ferrara , emilia-romagna . nuova carife was founded on 22 november 2015 as a good bank that spin off from the original cassa di risparmio di ferrara s.p.a. . the old carife was under administration from 2013 and 2015 , and now being liquidated as a bad bank .
bleecker street is a new york city-based film distribution company . bleecker street has received 11 nominations for major awards , including academy award for best actor nominations for both bryan cranston and viggo mortensen .
rubicon minerals is a canadian company active in gold exploration . rubicon owns more than 65,000 acres of exploration ground near red lake , ontario , canada , and has made significant discoveries of gold on this property . the property is near to goldcorps red lake mine . as of 25 october 2011 the company had a market capitalization of us $ 888 million .
steyr mannlicher is a firearms manufacturer based in st. peter in der au , austria . originally part of steyr-daimler-puch , it became independent when the conglomerate was broken up in 1989 .
bloomberg l.p. is a privately held financial software , data , and media company headquartered in midtown manhattan , new york city . it was founded by michael bloomberg in 1981 , with the help of thomas secunda , duncan macmillan , charles zegar , and a 30 % ownership investment by merrill lynch .
energy bank sao tome e principe , also referred to as energy bank stp , but commonly known as energy bank , is a commercial bank in sao tome . it is one of the eight commercial banks licensed by the central bank of so tom and prncipe , the countrys banking regulator . as of february 2011 , energy bank is a small financial services provider in sao tome . the banks total assets are estimated at about us $ 10 million . the shareholders equity is estimated at about us $ 6.8 million .
velcro companies is a privately held company that produces lots of hook and loop fasteners , under the brand name velcro .
biovail corporation was a canadian pharmaceutical company , operating internationally in all aspects of pharmaceutical products . its major production facility was located in steinbach , manitoba . it merged with valeant pharmaceuticals international in 2010 .
fundrise is a us-based financial technology startup company that operates an online investment platform . fundrise has been labeled as the first company to successfully crowdfund investment into the real estate market . as of december 31 , 2017 , fundrise had originated approximately $ 344 million in both equity and debt investments across real estate transactions representing approximately $ 1.9 billion of real estate property value .
axs is a digital marketing platform for purchasing tickets for sports and entertainment events in the us , and overseas . it was developed and is operated by anschutz entertainment group in partnership with outbox technologies .
the tata power company limited is an indian electric utility company based in mumbai , maharashtra , india and is part of the tata group . the core business of the company is to generate , transmit and distribute electricity . with an installed electricity generation capacity of 10,577 mw , it is indias largest integrated power company . tata power has been ranked 3rd in 2017 responsible business rankings -LSB- 1 -RSB- developed by iim udaipur .
weather underground is a commercial weather service providing real-time weather information via the internet . weather underground provides weather reports for most major cities across the world on its website , as well as local weather reports for newspapers and websites . its information comes from the national weather service , and over 250,000 personal weather stations .
comsec consulting ltd , is an israeli information security consulting firm . comsec was quoted on the tel aviv stock exchange . corporate headquarters are in petach tikva , israel .
lord is an appellation for a person or deity who has authority , control , or power over others acting like a master , a chief , or a ruler . the appellation can also denote certain persons who hold a title of the peerage in the united kingdom , or are entitled to courtesy titles . the collective lords can refer to a group or body of peers .
accessible media inc. branded as ami is a not-for-profit media company that entertains , informs and empowers canadians who are blind or partially sighted . operating three broadcast services , ami-tv and ami-audio in english and ami-tl in french , amis vision is to establish and support a voice for canadians with disabilities , representing their interests , concerns and values through accessible media , reflection and portrayal .
field communications was a division of field enterprises , which owned the chicago sun-times and the chicago daily news . the company owned independent television stations in the united states , with wfld in chicago as its largest-market station .
etude house is a south korean cosmetics brand owned by amore pacific . the brand name etude comes from frederic chopins studies of the piano . etude simply means study in french .
the good guys was a chain of consumer electronics retail stores with 71 stores in california , nevada , oregon , and washington . the company was headquartered in brisbane , california in the dakin building in the early 1990s and subsequently in alameda , california until it was bought in late 2003 by compusa . the good guys was founded in 1973 by ron unkefer on chestnut street , san francisco . by 2006 , all of the companys stores had closed .
corbeil is a trade name that has been used by manufacturers of bus bodies . from 1985 to 2007 , les enterprises michel corbeil was a canadian-based body manufacturer for school and commercial buses in st-lin-laurentides , canada . in 2007 , the company was acquired out of bankruptcy by collins industries and renamed corbeil bus corporation . while serving as the canadian equivalent of collins bus corporation , manufacturing was shifted from quebec to hutchinson , kansas .
pendant productions , is an independent online production company that produces audio serials and radio dramas for podcast , digital download , and radio broadcast . pendant is considered part of the growing online revival of audio drama and audio theater . the company regularly holds open auditions for their shows , as well as director classes to train those interested in directing audio drama .
teddy-hermann gmbh is an international manufacturer of teddy bears and other plush toys based in hirschaid , germany . teddy-hermann is one of the oldest teddy bear producers in germany . its products are highly valued among collectors .
sweett group , formerly known as cyril sweett , is an international physical assets management consultancy . it is part of currie & brown .
the tuvalu trust fund is an international sovereign wealth fund established to benefit tuvalu , a small , central pacific island nation , by providing income to cover shortfalls in the national budget , underpin economic development , and help the nation achieve greater financial autonomy . the tuvalu trust fund was established in 1987 by the united kingdom , australia and new zealand . the international monetary fund 2014 .
panther games pty ltd is an australian games developer , best known for the wwii airborne assault and command ops pc video game series . panther games specialises in developing operational level wargames for the pc wargame market .
the company 411 pain or 411-pain , formally 1-800-411-pain , is an american medical and lawyer referral service . the firm , based in davie , florida , was established in 1995 by chiropractor and philanthropist dr. robert lewin . the organization is an attorney referral system for victims of motor vehicle accidents , slip and falls , work related injuries and recreational accidents . the florida trend cites the firm as one of floridas .
bespoke arcades is a british manufacturer of custom-built arcade machines . bespoke arcades is a subsidiary of page global ltd and was formed on 28 july 2005 . company clients include wayne rooney and dynamo . their products are sold at harrods .
mkb fakel also known as p.d.grushin machine-building design bureau is a russian government-owned aerospace defense corporation located in khimki .
ben franklin is a chain of five and dime and arts and crafts stores found in small towns throughout the united states , currently owned by promotions unlimited of mount pleasant , wisconsin . they are organized using a franchise system , with individual stores owned by independent proprietors . it was perhaps the first retail franchise , starting in 1927 . they are named after benjamin franklin , taking a cue in their merchandise offerings from franklins saying , a penny saved is a penny earned .
andell inc. is a private investment firm and family office . andell manages assets that grew out of the familys controlling position of the seagram co. ltd. andells current activities include direct and indirect investments in public and private companies , real estate , and partnerships with investment managers .
dana energy is a private oil and gas company headquartered in tehran , iran . it is an exploration and production and oilfield services company operating in mena . dana energy was formed in 2000 , initially as an oilfield services company and ventured into field development in 2008 . by the addition of petroleum products trading to its portfolio in 2013 , dana energy has extended into the midstream sector .
daimler-benz ag was a german manufacturer of motor vehicles and internal combustion engines , which was founded in 1926 . an agreement of mutual interest - which was valid until 2000 - was signed on 1 may 1924 between karl benzs benz & cie. and daimler-motoren-gesellschaft , which had been founded by gottlieb daimler and wilhelm maybach . daimler had died in 1900 , and maybach had left in 1907 .
the federal pretzel baking company of south philadelphia was the first large-scale soft pretzel manufacturer in philadelphia .
the center for autism and related disorders , inc. , founded in 1990 by doreen granpeesheh , is among the largest autism treatment organizations in the world . cards stated mission is to provide the highest quality aba therapies to children with autism around the world . card provides a range of services for children and adults with autism , pervasive developmental disorder , aspergers disorder and other disabilities within the autism spectrum .
tideland signal , sometimes referred to as tidelands , is a privately held , houston , texas based manufacturer of marine navigational aids , with main offices in lafayette , louisiana , vancouver , canada , burgess hill , uk , dubai , united arab emirates and singapore . it is the manufacturer of the ml-300 lantern , widely used in lighthouses around the world for more than 50 years . in 2016 , tideland was acquired by xylem , inc.
gk software se is a listed technology company headquartered in schneck/vogtland . the company specializes in software solutions and services for the operation of large retail company branches . gk employs about 1,011 individuals at thirteen locations worldwide . the name stands for the initials of the two founders of the company , rainer gl and stephan kronmller . according to the fiscal year 2017 annual report , gk software achieved revenue of 90.452 million .
dents is a british company that crafts luxury leather gloves , handbags , small leather goods . dents is known for its hand cutting , sewing , and stitching techniques , which are still practised today on some limited top end products , most merchandise being purchased from third-party factories .
china merchants group is a state-owned corporation of peoples republic of china . it is the major shareholder of china merchants holdings as well as china merchants bank . the companys headquarters are located on the top floor of china merchants tower , shun tak centre , hong kong .
woollim entertainment is a south korean entertainment company founded in 2003 by lee jung-yeop . the labels current roster of artists includes infinite , rphabet , lovelyz , golden child , joo , as well as actors like park joo hwan , lee jae ahn , byun jun seok , and entertainers like oh hyun-min . it was formerly home to hip-hop group epik high , indie-rock band nell and actor such as kim min-seok .
wade shows , inc. is a traveling carnival midway company based in livonia , michigan . it provides amusement rides , games and concessions for local , county and state fairs throughout the eastern and central united states . the company also has an office in spring hill , florida , location of its winter quarters .
salter street films was a canadian television and film production company based in halifax , nova scotia .
news-press may refer to : santa barbara news-press , santa barbara , californiathe news-press , fort myers , floridafalls church news-press , falls church virginianews-press & gazette company , media company in st. joseph , missourist . joseph news-press , newspaper in st. joseph , missourinews press may refer to : news press , stillwater , oklahomashoshone news press , shoshone county , idao .
the ural electrochemical combine is a company located in novouralsk , russia . it is a subsidiary of tvel . beginning in 1949 , the plant began the production of highly enriched uranium .
rand merchant investment holdings , also referred to as rmi holdings , is a listed financial services investment holding company that holds a diversified portfolio of premier insurance brands in south africa , australia , china , mauritius , new zealand , republic of ireland , singapore , the united kingdom and the united states of america .
edp renovveis is a leading renewable energy company registered in oviedo and headquartered in madrid that designs , develops , manages and operates power plants that generate electricity using renewable energy sources . edpr was established in 2007 to hold and operate the growing renewable energy assets of parent company energias de portugal , portugals largest utility company headquartered in lisbon .
american cast iron pipe company , headquartered in birmingham , alabama , is a manufacturer of ductile iron pipe , spiral-welded steel pipe , fire hydrants and valves for the waterworks industry and electric-resistance-welded steel pipe for the oil and natural gas industry . americans diversified product line also includes static castings and high performance fire pumps .
global cable is a cable company in the philippines .
tony packos cafe is a restaurant that started in the hungarian neighborhood of birmingham , on the east side of toledo , ohio , at 1902 front street . the restaurant became famous when it was mentioned in several m * a * s * h episodes and is noted for its signature sandwich and large collection of hot dog buns signed by celebrities .
ukurova media group is a turkish media conglomerate established , part of the ukurova holding conglomerate . on 18 may 2013 it transferred a substantial number of its properties to the state tmsf , in partial settlement of a tax debt .
firstbank , sometimes referred to as 1stbank , is a colorado-based and privately held bank and financial services company that owns over 115 firstbank locations in colorado , arizona , and california . headquartered in lakewood , colorado , it is the 2nd largest bank in colorado by total deposits behind only wells fargo . on february 1 , 2017 , john ikard , ceo , and dave baker , president , announced their retirement .
rubin central design bureau for marine engineering in saint petersburg is one of three main russian centers of submarine design , and the other two are malakhit central design bureau and lazurit central design bureau . rubin is the largest among the three soviet/russian submarine designer centers , having designed more than two-thirds of all nuclear submarines in the russian navy .
renown health is the largest locally owned not-for-profit healthcare network in northern nevada . it has more than 6,500 employees system-wide and is one of northern nevadas largest employers .
nice ltd. . is a publicly-traded enterprise software company . it is one of the largest technology organizations in israel . nice develops both cloud and on-premises software based on advanced analytics . the companys software is used for customer experience , regulatory compliance and financial crime prevention . nice has customers in more than 150 countries , including several fortune 100 companies .
chantelle is a lingerie brand which belongs to the groupe chantelle , a french lingerie company which was founded in 1876 by franois auguste gamichon . a pioneer in manufacturing elastic knits , the chantelle brand grew thanks to the kretz tulle used first in its corsets , then in its bras . the company has been owned by the kretz family since the 1900s .
fountaine-pajot is a maritime construction company that specialises in catamarans both for leisure and sea use . the company was founded in 1976 by jean franois fountaine and yves pajot , in the town of aigrefeuille-daunis , in charente-maritime . this company is a significant producer of cruising catamarans . it also now has a factory at la rochelle .
rlg communications is a ghanaian ict company with headquarters in dubai-united arab emirates . it started with the incorporation of a company called roagams link ghana ltd now rlg communications limited , as the leading ghanaian computer and handset manufacturing company . the company is the first indigenous african company to assemble laptops , desktops and mobile phones and offer ict training in computer and phone repairs .
gaylord container corporation was an american integrated manufacturer of packaging materials , primarily corrugated containers . operating from 1986 until 2002 , most of the companys facilities were originally part of crown zellerbachs container division . based in deerfield , illinois , a suburb north of chicago , gaylord container completed its initial public offering in july 1988 and was listed on the american stock exchange .
boardman bikes , ltd. is a british bicycle manufacturer , founded by the professional cyclist chris boardman , sarah mooney and alan ingarfield , and launched in the united kingdom and ireland in 2007 . ingarfield is the chairman of the company , mooney is the ceo and boardman heads research & development alongside the special projects program b56 .
yuneec international is a chinese aircraft manufacturer owned by tian yu and based in jinxi , kunshan , a town in jiangsu . yuneec markets its man-carrying aircraft in the united states through greenwing international . yuneec produced the yuneec international e430 , the first electric aircraft designed to be commercially produced , although only prototypes were ever built .
not to be confused with focus features . focus films ltd. is an independent feature film development and production company in the united kingdom . it was founded in 1982 by david pupkewitz and marsha levin and is based in finchley road , london .
arla foods uk plc is a major dairy products company in the united kingdom , based in leeds , and a subsidiary of the swedish-danish arla foods group .
peterborough software was a payroll and human resources software and services company started in peterborough , england in 1963 . it is notable for being a pioneer of computerised payroll services and software in the united kingdom , as cited by uk magazine personnel today . the company was acquired by northgate information solutions in 2004 .
riggs bank was a bank headquartered in washington , d.c. for most of its history , it was the largest bank headquartered in that city . on may 13 , 2005 , after the exposure of several money laundering scandals , the bank was acquired by pnc financial services . the bank was known for handling the personal financial affairs of many u.s. presidents and many embassies in washington , d.c.
desperado publishing is an american independent comic book publisher , established in 2004 . located in norcross , georgia , desperados president is joe pruett , its creative director is stephan nilson , and its director of business development is former caliber press publisher gary reed .
dennis publishing ltd. is an independent publisher founded in 1974 .
miami subs grill is a privately held restaurant chain , based in the u. s. state of florida . the chain has approximately 31 locations , the majority of which are in florida , plus a location each in hawaii , indiana and south carolina .
interactive data corporation was an american company that provided financial market data , analytics and related solutions to financial institutions , active traders and individual investors . the companys businesses supply real-time market data , time-sensitive pricing , evaluations and reference data for securities trading , including hard-to-value instruments . the company was acquired by and folded into intercontinental exchange in december 2015 .
the anschutz entertainment group is an american worldwide sporting and music entertainment presenter and a subsidiary of the anschutz corporation . it is the worlds largest owner of sports teams and sports events . under the aeg live brand , it is the worlds second largest presenter of live music and entertainment events after live nation . aeg live was started in 2002 .
frontier west virginia , inc. is one of the original bell operating companies and provides local telephone service in the u.s. state of west virginia .
magasin is a danish chain of department stores . it has 6 department stores with its flagship store located on kongens nytorv in copenhagen . the company is a subsidiary of the british department store retailer debenhams .
jumeirah hotels and resorts is a dubai-based international luxury hotel chain and part of dubai holding .
banana republic is an american clothing and accessories retailer owned by american multinational corporation , gap inc. it was founded in 1978 , by mel and patricia ziegler with the name banana republic travel & safari clothing company , with a safari theme in 1983 , gap purchased the company , changed the name to simply banana republic , and gave it a more upscale image . banana republic has more than 600 stores located internationally .
profile books is a british independent book publishing firm founded in 1996 . it publishes non-fiction subjects including history , biography , memoir , politics , current affairs , travel and popular science . profile books is distributed in the uk by random house and sold by faber & faber , and is part of the independent alliance .
nippon steel & sumitomo metal corporation , was formed in 2012 with the merger of nippon steel and sumitomo metal . nippon steel was formed in 1970 with the merger of fuji iron & steel and yawata iron & steel . nippon steel & sumitomo metal corporation is the worlds second largest steel producer by volume as of 2017 .
tradeshift is a cloud-based business network connecting buyers and suppliers . it was founded in copenhagen in 2010 by christian lanng , mikkel hippe brun , and gert sylvest . the tradeshift network currently supports 800,000 businesses in over 200 countries on the platform . product offerings address enterprise , mid-market and small business customers and suppliers across the procure-to-pay spectrum , including procurement , e-invoicing and supplier management .
telangana power generation corporation limited is a power generating organization of telangana . it has ceased to do power trading and has retained with powers of controlling system operations of power generation after formation of telangana state . telangana power generation corporation limited has been incorporated under companies act , 2013 , on 19 may 2014 and commenced its operations from 2 june 2014 .
bea systems , inc. was a company specialized in enterprise infrastructure software products which was wholly acquired by oracle corporation on april 29 , 2008 .
this article is about a defunct publisher in massachusetts . for the newspaper company in rhode island , see beacon communications . beacon communications corp. was a newspaper publisher in acton , massachusetts , united states , operating a dozen weekly newspapers as well as daily newspapers in hudson and marlborough , massachusetts .
chemical computing group is a software company specializing in research software for computational chemistry , bioinformatics , cheminformatics , docking , pharmacophore searching and molecular simulation . the companys main customer base consists of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies , as well as academic research groups . it is a private company that was founded in 1994 it is based in montreal , quebec , canada .
limtex is an indian multinational company , headquartered in kolkata , west bengal , india and a subsidiary of limtex group . it exports $ 40 million in indian tea annually . limtex is the leading producer , manufacturer and exporter of indian tea both in the domestic and international market . it also has an it division - limtex infotech , which was formed in 2005 . limtex has received various awards from national and international governing bodies for its excellence in the tea & coffee trade .
drive eo is an engineering company which operates from latvia and specializes in development of electric and hybrid electric prototype vehicles for demanding applications . it was founded in 2011 to create the first ever hybrid electric rally car oscar eo for the 2012 dakar rally . driven by mris saukns and andris dambis , it successfully completed the rally . the company went on to develop a number of electric racing cars for participation at the pikes peak international hill climb .
and1 is an american footwear and clothing company specializing in basketball shoes , clothing and sporting goods . and1 was founded on august 13 , 1993 , on the grounds of all ball , nothing more . and1 focuses strictly on basketball . it is currently a subsidiary of the sequential brands group , and is sold nationally and around the world by sporting goods retailers . and1 continues to sponsor nba athletes , as well as numerous high school and aau teams in america .
alapont group is a spanish business group mainly dedicated to designing , manufacturing and installation of all types of engineering projects for lifting systems . its headquarters are located in alcira . it also has offices in madrid , paris , marseille , toulouse , alicante , murcia , castelln , tarragona and distributors throughout the spanish , french and algerian territory .
valancourt books is an independent american publishing house founded by james jenkins and ryan cagle in 2005 . the company specializes in the rediscovery of rare , neglected , and out-of-print fiction , in particular gay titles and gothic and horror novels from the 18th century to the 1980s .
the aztec brewing company was a regional brewery founded in mexicali , mexico in 1921 , which moved to san diego , california in 1933 . it closed in 1953 . it is the only brewing company ever to move from mexico to the united states .
sufi comics or sufi studios is a bangalore based indian comic book publisher . in 2012 it was the first indian publisher ever to participate in the comic-con international at san diego .
the brauerei kaiserdom is a brewery in gaustadt , a quarter of bamberg , germany .
impulse music travel is an entertainment retail chain in the united kingdom , with 24 concessions in various uk airports and railway stations . the company was formed in march 1994 . in july 2007 , managing director les whitfield sold the company .
parr lumber company inc. is a lumber and building supplies dealer based in oregon . the hillsboro , oregon , based company has 38 locations in oregon and washington and is the 18th largest residential building supplies dealer in the united states .
aw rostamani group , also known as awr , is a privately held company established in 1954 in dubai , united arab emirates , by al rostamani brothers , abdullah and abdul wahid al rostamani . the company is headquartered in dubai and employs over 3,800 professionals . the group operates a portfolio of 12 companies of multinational brands in seven diverse sectors : automotive , lifestyle , real estate , information technology , consultancy & training , logistics , interior fit out , lighting .
bayford may refer to : peoplebaron bayford , a title in the peerage of the united kingdomdavid bayford , english surgeondick bayford , australian rules footballerjames bayford , english rowerrobert augustus bayford , english lawyerrobert frederic bayford , english lawyerplacesbayford , hertfordshire , englandbayford railway stationbayford , somerset , englandbayford , virginiaotherbayford & co , a british conglomerate company .
takara holdings is a japanese company based in kyoto . the company is mainly involved in the production of beverages , food , printing and medical supplies .
eos airlines , inc. was an american all-business class airline headquartered in purchase , new york , with its flights from john f. kennedy international airport , new york . on 26 april 2008 eos airlines announced its plans to file bankruptcy on its web site , announcing it would cease passenger operations after april 27 .
pagefield vehicles was a british company manufacturing trucks and tipping gear . it was in business from 1904 to 1966 , based with the walker brothers engineering firm at the pagefield iron works in wigan , lancashire .
virage logic corporation , founded 1996 , was an american provider of both functional and physical semiconductor intellectual property for the design of complex integrated circuits . the companys highly differentiated product portfolio includes processor centric solutions , interface ip solutions , embedded srams and nvms , embedded memory test and repair , logic libraries , and memory development software .
snakk media is a mobile advertising company founded by derek handley , geoffrey handley and andrew jacobs in 2010 . snakk media listed on the new zealand alternative exchange in march 2013 . it moved to the new nxt index in november 2015 .
moiseikin jewellery house is a russian jewellery production company based in ekaterinburg . the production is mainly based on minerals and gems that are mined in ural mountainsthese are famous for its rich natural resources . some of the companys luxury goods are known internationally .
cassa di risparmio di carrara s.p.a. was an italian saving bank based in carrara , tuscany . the bank was absorbed by the parent company banca carige in 2015 .
atria senior living is a privately held , for-profit senior housing company based in louisville , kentucky . the company operates more than 190 communities in 28 states and seven canadian provinces . atria is one of the largest assisted living companies in the united states , that houses and provides services to more than 21,000 residents . in 2015 , it was the fourth largest assisted living owner-operator in the united states .
the generally speaking production network is an online media production company founded by cliff and stephanie ravenscraft on december 16 , 2005 .
disney games and interactive experiences , originally established as disney interactive , disney interactive media group and walt disney internet group , is an american company that oversees various websites and interactive media owned by the walt disney company and its subsidiaries .
kal is a company specialising in atm software for bank atms , self-service kiosks , and bank branch networks . all kal products are multivendor , windows-compliant and conform to the industry xfs standard . kal is the worlds number two supplier of true multivendor atm software . kal supplies its software to major global banks including china construction bank , citibank and unicredit .
jvckenwood corp. . is a multinational electronics company headquartered in yokohama , japan . it was formed from the merger of victor company of japan , ltd and kenwood corporation on october 1 , 2008 . upon creation , haruo kawahara of kenwood was the holding companys chairman , while jvc president kunihiko sato was the companys president .
auteco is a colombian motor vehicle manufacturer . it was the first motorcycle assembler in the country .
eneva is a power generation company based in rio de janeiro , brazil . a subsidiary of e.on , it is listed at the so paulo exchange . in addition to its brazil assets , eneva has power generation assets in chile and coal mining assets in colombia .
base crm is an enterprise software company based in mountain view , california with r & d offices located in krakw , poland . it provides a web-based all-in-one sales platform that features tools for email , phone dialing , pipeline management , forecasting , reporting and more . bases platform is available on ios and android , and was the first full native crm android app available .
atos is a european it services corporation with its headquarters in bezons , france and offices worldwide . it specialises in hi-tech transactional services , unified communications , cloud , big data and cybersecurity services . atos operates worldwide under the brands atos , atos consulting , atos healthcare , atos worldgrid , bull , canopy , unify and worldline .
data domain corporation was an information technology company from 2001-2009 specializing in target-based deduplication solutions for disk-based backup . it was acquired in 2009 by emc corporation , and the dell emc data domain product line has been dell emcs flagship platform for backup , archive and disaster recovery ever since .
the tx watch company was launched in 2006 by the timex group , an international holding group and corporate parent of global watchmaking companies , including timex group usa , inc. , tmx philippines , inc. , and timex group india ltd. under the tx brand , timex marketed a line of quartz watches debuting in europe in late 2006 and in the us in june 2007 .
atlantic tele-network , inc. . is a publicly traded telecommunications company that is headquartered in beverly , massachusetts . it operates digital wireless , wireline , and both terrestrial and submarine fiber optic networks , serving markets that are geographically separated and technically challenging , such as the plains , deserts , and mountainous areas of the united states .
new play project is a non-profit organization founded in provo , utah , by four brigham young university students . npp is dedicated to writing and producing new plays that reflect the standards of a utah valley audience . they also aim to give emerging latter-day saint writers a place to produce their work while maintaining their standards and values .
dippin dots is an ice cream snack , invented by southern illinois university carbondale graduate curt jones in 1988 . the confection is created by flash freezing ice cream mix in liquid nitrogen . the marketing slogan is ice cream of the future . the snack is made by dippin dots , inc. , headquartered in paducah , kentucky .
l3 technologies , formerly l-3 communications holdings , is an american company that supplies command and control , communications , intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance systems and products , avionics , ocean products , training devices and services , instrumentation , aerospace , and navigation products .
hms industrial networks/hms networks is an international company in the field of industrial communications with the motto connecting devices . hms is headquartered in halmstad , sweden and is listed on the nasdaq nordic stock exchange , employing over 500 people in ten countries and with reported sales of 101 million euro in 2016 . hms stands for hardware meets software referring to the fact that hms products allow industrial hardware to be connected to iot software .
acclarent , inc. began as a privately held , venture-backed company , and is now a subsidiary of johnson & johnson . it is based in menlo park , san mateo county , california . acclarent develops technology for the ent medical field .
fastnet line operated a ferry service carrying cars , freight and passengers between ringaskiddy , cork , ireland and swansea , wales on ms julia .
roaring run resort , a former boy scout camp dating back to the 1920s , is a private-membership recreational campground and rv park located in the laurel highlands area of southwestern pennsylvania , between seven springs and hidden valley golf & ski resort . the resort was featured in usa today and the pittsburgh post-gazette , and parts of its history have been documented in the journal of economic history and pittsburgh press .
sensor coating systems is an instrumentation company that develops temperature-sensing technologies . it was formerly part of southside thermal sciences .
takeaway.com , officially takeaway.com n.v. , and created originally under its dutch name thuisbezorgd.nl , is a dutch dot-com company specialised in online food ordering and home delivery . takeaway.com is an intermediary online portal between the customer and the restaurants , where customers can order food online from restaurants menus , and have it delivered by the restaurants directly to their home .
universal lighting technologies is based in nashville , tennessee and is part of the panasonic family of companies . they design and manufacture high-efficiency lighting ballasts and control systems and produce electronic and magnetic ballasts for cfls , linear fluorescent bulbs , and hid lighting , as well as digital and analog dimming systems . the company acquired vossloh-schwabes north american operations in 2009 .
reprise records -LRB- -RRB- is an american major record label , founded in 1960 by frank sinatra . it was mostly inactive from 1961 to 1968 . it is owned by warner music group , and operates through warner bros. records . artists currently signed to reprise records include but are not limited to enya , michael bubl , eric clapton , green day , stevie nicks , neil young , deftones , mastodon , josh groban , disturbed , idina menzel , tom petty and the heartbreakers , gerard way , dwight yoakam , and never shout never .
oakley , inc. , based in lake forest , california , and a subsidiary of italian company luxottica based in milan , designs , develops and manufactures sports performance equipment and lifestyle pieces including sunglasses , sports visors , ski/snowboard goggles , watches , apparel , backpacks , shoes , optical frames , and other accessories . most items are designed in house at their head office , but some countries hold exclusive designs relevant to their market .
indiabulls is an indian group with its headquarters in gurgaon and corporate office in mumbai . it has presence in sectors ranging from real estate , infrastructure , housing finance and securities .
sany is a chinese multinational heavy machinery manufacturing company headquartered in changsha , hunan province . it is the sixth-largest heavy equipment manufacturer in the world , and the first in its industry in china to enter the ft global 500 and the forbes global 2000 rankings . its founder and main shareholder is liang wengen .
certpoint systems inc. is an e-learning software company headquartered in roslyn heights , new york that provides e-learning , learning content , talent , performance and workforce management solutions . it has offices in brussels , paris , barcelona , los angeles , abu dhabi , johannesburg and moscow .
telenor serbia is a serbian mobile network operator , a subsidiary of norwegian telecommunications company telenor . it is headquartered in belgrade , serbia .
ultra diamonds was the largest seller of fine jewelry in factory outlet and value centers in the united states . ultra was a manufacturer as well as a direct importer of diamonds , gemstones , and gold jewelry . at one point , ultra operated over 100 stores in outlet centers and 38 other format locations . after its acquisition by signet jewelers , ultra diamonds stores were re-branded as kay jewelers .
the los angeles poverty department is a los angeles-based performance group closely tied to the citys skid row neighborhood . founded in 1985 by director and activist john malpede , lapd members are mostly homeless or formerly homeless people who collaborate with advocates , social service professionals and community members to create performances and multimedia art that highlight connections between their lived experiences and external forces that impact their lives .
cubaone foundation , also known as cubaone , is a miami-based not-for-profit organization that sponsors free 7-day trips to cuba for young cuban americans ages 22-35 . it was founded by daniel jimenez , giancarlo sopo , cherie cancio , and andrew jimenez .
jurys inn is a hotel group operating across the uk , ireland and czech republic , with 36 locations under the jurys inn brand and 7 under the leonardo brand . in total , the company operates 38 hotels in the uk , 4 in ireland , and 1 in prague , with approximately 7,500 rooms between them , served by 2,500 employees . the group was founded in ireland in 1993 , gradually expanding its operating ever since .
hikma pharmaceuticals is a multinational pharmaceutical company based in london , that manufactures branded and non-branded generic and in-licensed pharmaceutical products . it was founded in amman , jordan in 1978 by samih darwazah . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
data i/o corporation is a manufacturer of programming and automated device handling systems for programmable integrated circuits . the company is headquartered in redmond , washington with sales and engineering offices in multiple countries .
virago is london based british publishing company committed to publishing womens writing and books on feminist topics . started and run by women in the 1970s and bolstered by the success of the womens liberation movement , virago has been credited as one of several british feminist presses that helped address inequitable gender dynamics in publishing .
hydrema is a dump truck manufacturer based in stvring , denmark , founded in 1959 . they have specialized in the manufacture of articulated light dump trucks and earth moving equipment . a variety of models are produced , with a payload of up to 20 tonnes . since the late 1990s they are also producing a mine clearing vehicle . a company subsidiary is operating in weimar , germany .
namoo actors co. ltd. , founded in 2004 , is a talent management agency based in seoul , south korea . the founder and ceo of the company is kim joong-do .
trustpilot.com is a website founded in denmark in 2007 which publishes reviews for online businesses . the site lists and promotes registered businesses for free but charges fees for additional promotion . trustpilot employs about 500 people and roughly 500,000 new reviews are posted each month . the firm relies on its users , reviewed business , and software to report questionable reviews , which it can delete at its own discretion .
icetv is an australian company providing an independently curated electronic program guide for digital free-to-air television . it also produces smart recording software . icetv offers a tivo-like service that provides series recording , keyword recording and advanced searching for compatible devices . it is a premium , subscription based service , although almost all devices that are icetv-enabled come with free trial memberships .
walter verlag is a former swiss publishing house , headquartered in olten , switzerland . founded in oltenin 1916 , it was taken over by the patmos publishing house in 1994 , and later published again as label of the patmos group .
thomas cook airlines belgium was a belgian leisure airline owned by the thomas cook group . it operated scheduled flights to destinations throughout europe and africa from its base at brussels airport . the airline operated from 2002 until 2017 .
ansett pioneer was an australian long distance coach operator . founded in 1905 as the aa withers bus company , the company maintained continuous operation under a variety of corporate monikers until its 1993 merger into greyhound pioneer australia .
headquartered in mumbai , india , universal sompo general insurance company limited is a private public joint venture in general insurance where two nationalized banks , namely allahabad bank and indian overseas bank , one private sector bank namely karnataka bank ltd , one fmcg namely dabur investment corp and a leading general insurer from japan namely sompo japan nipponkoa insurance inc have formed a general insurance company .
federal prison industries , also known as unicor and fpi , is a wholly owned united states government corporation created in 1934 as a prison labor program for inmates within the federal bureau of prisons , and a component of the department of justice . it is headquartered in yazoo county , mississippi .
the sameer group of companies , commonly referred to as the sameer group , is a large conglomerate , based in kenya , with operations and subsidiaries in neighboring african countries .
norgesgruppen asa is a norwegian grocery wholesaling group which also runs various retail outlets . with a 38,5 % market share in 2012 , norgesgruppen was the largest player in the norwegian grocery retail market . the business dates back to 1866 when the wholesale activity started up in the name of joh . johannson .
academy films is a british film production company , creating commercials , music videos , short films , digital content , art installations and feature films . its head office is in london , uk .
graftech international holdings inc. , commonly referred to as graftech , is a manufacturer of carbon and graphite products founded in 1886 and headquartered in independence , ohio . the company is wholly owned by brookfield asset management .
archview investment group lp is an institutional alternative investment firm based out of stamford , connecticut . the firm was founded in 2009 by founding principals jeffrey jacob and john humphrey .
the londonderry and enniskillen railway was an irish gauge -RRB- railway in ireland .
zanella is an argentine motorcycle manufacturer founded in 1948 , originally using 100 and 125 cc engines designed by fabio taglioni and licensed from ceccato motorcycles of italy . currently zanella builds small motorcycles , mopeds and atvs . zanella formerly manufactured go-karts . zanella also produces the zmax series of three wheel motorcycles and light trucks .
cyber stampede digital media is a las vegas-based boutique advertising and creative design service provider . the company provides both consultative and ongoing hands-on solutions for musical artists & entertainment companies to monetize the web and social media fan traffic .
light chaser animation studios is a chinese cg animation film studio based in beijing , china . the studio was founded in early 2013 by gary wang , the founder and ex-ceo of the popular chinese video sharing website tudou.com .
option is a publicly quoted technology company , headquartered in leuven , belgium . option specializes in the design , development , production and commercialization of broadband wireless technology devices . option has been awarded ernst & youngs company of the year award for 2005 .
good machine was an independent film production , film distribution , and foreign sales company started in the early 1990s by its co-founders and producers , ted hope and james schamus . david linde joined as a partner in the late 1990s and to also start the international sales company . they sold the company to universal pictures , where it was then merged with usa films to create focus features .
paradox interactive is a swedish video game publisher based in stockholm . the company is best known for releasing historical strategy video games . paradox interactive publishes its own games , both developed by their division , paradox development studio , and those of other developers . it was formerly a division of paradox entertainment , rights holders of properties such as the robert e. howard character conan .
artemis networks is a wireless technology company responsible for the software-defined radio technologies pcell and pwave . pcell technology is capable of speeds hundreds of times faster than other technologies under conditions of heavy usage and interference . its founder and ceo is steve perlman .
kornit digital is an international manufacturing company based in israel . it produces high-speed industrial inkjet printers , and pigmented ink and chemical products for the garment and apparel decorating industry . kornit digital has offices in israel , hong kong , us , and germany . the companys ceo has been ofer ben zur since 2002 and the manager of kornits r & d department .
leyard optoelectronic is a chinese electronics manufacturer producing led products including displays and lighting . its main business segment is in screen displays of very large dimensions .
here , there & everywhere is an australian and new zealand media company . divisions include broadcast radio , digital publishing , esports , and outdoor advertising in australia and new zealand . ht & es two largest shareholders are the australian fund manager allan gray australia and news corp australia . irish company independent news & media and denis .
allalom music was an american independent record label founded in 2001 . it mainly released indie pop and alternative music . founded in redmond , oregon , it had its headquarters in south texas before moving back to portland , oregon in the fall of 2005 . on january 15th , 2010 the label announced their closure .
urban ladder is an omnichannel furniture and decor retailer based out of bangalore , india . urban ladder currently has 3 stores in bangalore and distribution across 75 + cities in india through its website , www.urbanladder.com .
kingspan off-site was a manufacturer of timber and steel building systems . it was a division of the kingspan group plc.
roger dubuis is the brand name of luxury watches and jewellery founded by carlos dias and roger dubuis .
transtech ltd is finlands major domestic manufacturer of railway and trams rolling stock . it specialises in building railway vehicles and trams for extreme climatic conditions , such as those encountered in finland .
digital extremes is a majority chinese-owned , canadian-operated computer and video game development studio founded in 1993 by james schmalz , best known for its co-creation of epic games highly successful unreal series of games . digital extremes is headquartered in london , ontario . in 2014 , 61 % of the company was sold to chinese holding company multi dynamic , now leyou , for $ 73 million . president michael schmalz and two partners retained 39 % of digital extremes , and will continue to manage it .
reto moto is a video game developer based in copenhagen , denmark and the creators of the online free2play game heroes & generals .
lang van is a vietnamese production company based in westminster , ca and ho chi minh city , vietnam .
the iran aviation industries organization was established in 1966 for the purpose of planning , controlling , and managing the civil & military aviation industry of iran . currently , the iaio is responsible for directing these aviation organizations : saha , hesa , panha , civil aviation industries .
s. c. johnson & son is an american multinational privately held manufacturer of household cleaning supplies and other consumer chemicals based in racine , wisconsin . in 2017 , s. c. johnson employed approximately 13,000 and had estimated sales of $ 10 billion . the company is owned by the johnson family .
greenbush brewing company is a brewery in sawyer , michigan , usa . it was founded in 2011 by scott sullivan and justin heckathorn .
radar records was a uk-based record label formed in late 1977 by martin davis who had previously worked at united artists records , and andrew lauder , who had previously been head of a & r at the uk divisions of liberty records and united artists . the labels first records were released in early 1978 .
wham-o inc. is an american toy company headquartered in carson , california , united states . they are known for creating and marketing many popular toys for nearly 70 years , including the hula hoop , the frisbee , the slip n slide , the super ball , the trac-ball , silly string , the hacky sack , and the boogie board .
thello is an open-access train operator running international services between france and italy since 2011 , the company is owned by the italian state owned railway company trenitalia . initially set up as a joint venture between trenitalia and transdev , the latter sold 33 % holding in thello to their italian partner in 2016 giving trenitalia full control . there is also a restaurant car operated by lsg sky chefs , where it is possible to have dinner and breakfast on board .
ea vancouver is a video game developer located in burnaby , british columbia . the development studio opened as distinctive software in january 1983 and is electronic artss largest and oldest studio . ea canada employs approximately 1,300 people and houses the worlds largest video game test operation .
brian is a male given name of irish and breton origin , as well as a surname of occitan origin . it is common in the english-speaking world . it is possible that the name is derived from an old celtic word meaning high or noble . for example , the element bre means hill which could be transferred to mean eminence or exalted one . the name is quite popular in ireland , on account of brian boru , a 10th-century high king of ireland .
moscow exchange , the largest exchange group in russia , operates trading markets in equities , bonds , derivatives , the foreign exchange market , money markets and precious metals . the moscow exchange group also operates russias central securities depository and the countrys largest clearing service provider .
troller veculos especiais s/a is a brazilian off-road vehicles manufacturer . founded in 1995 in horizonte , cear , it became a subsidiary of ford in 2007 . trollers flagship vehicle is the troller t4 suv , which has featured successfully in several rally races around the world , including the dakar rally .
sanyuan group is a state-owned group of companies based on agriculture and animal husbandry in china . it consists of 12 state farms , 20 professional companies , 41 transnational joint ventures , 3 overseas subsidiaries and 1 public company as beijing sanyuan foods , which is listed in shanghai stock exchange .
super one foods is a chain of supermarkets , with 30 locations in minnesota , wisconsin and upper michigan . the chain is owned and operated by miners , inc. , a privately held company . a small number of the stores in the chain are branded as u-save foods , and a duluth store is named woodland marketplace .
h. c. evans & company of chicago was once a leading manufacturer of casino equipment and supplies - both honest and crooked - in the united states . it was established in 1892 and collapsed in 1955 . it was succeeded by evans park & carnival device corporation , which was still in business in june 1961 but no longer trades , and by evans supply company , which was trading in 1962 but no longer trades .
the allomet corporation is a privately owned company located in north huntingdon , pennsylvania that produces a line of patented powdered metal products known as eternaloy tough-coated hard powders .
nextera energy partners lp , a publicly traded subsidiary of nextera energy , is a juno beach , florida-based renewable energy company .
smartbear software is a privately-held information technology company that delivers tools for application performance monitoring , software development , software testing and api management . the company is based in assembly square in somerville in the greater boston area . the current smartbear company was founded in 2009 .
australian national airways was australias predominant carrier from the mid-1930s to the early 1950s .
bally is a swiss luxury fashion company founded as bally & co in 1851 by carl franz bally and his brother fritz . in february 2018 , owner jab holding company agreed to sell a majority controlling stake to chinese materials conglomerate shandong ruyi .
pacific edge limited is a cancer diagnostics new zealand company that offers a genetic biomarker based suite of bladder cancer diagnostic tools . the company has offices in hershey , usa , and its head office in dunedin , new zealand . pacific edge is listed on the new zealand nzx main board stock exchange under ticker code peb , and forms part of the nzx 50 index .
the austria wirtschaftsservice gesellschaft is an austrian federal development and financing bank for the promotion and financing of companies . the bank provides around 1 billion in development aid , mainly as grants , loans and guarantees to finance projects in the value of almost 11 billion . aws is focused on four different areas : technology and innovation , equity and capital markets , promotion and financing as well as services for research and development management .
all day convenience store is a convenience store division of all value holdings inc. , a subsidiary of mbv group of companies owned by a filipino entrepreneur and a former philippine senator , manny villar . all day convenience store was the former finds convenience store inc. , an experimental business of villar which was established in 2008 with an initial of 40 branches in metro manila .
socit bic s.a. , commonly referred to simply as bic and stylized as bic , is a corporation based in clichy , france best known for making ballpoint pens . it was founded in 1945 by baron marcel bich and has become known for making disposable consumer products such as lighters , razors , mechanical pencils , and printed paper products .
mitsubishi motors north america , inc. is the north american operation of mitsubishi motors corporation , overseeing sales , manufacturing and research and development functions . the company manufactures and sells mitsubishi brand cars and sport utility vehicles through a network of approximately 450 dealers in canada and the united states .
luzon cisco transport , incorporated or simply known as cisco bus is a provincial bus company in the philippines by the hernandez clan . and had service to nueva ecija , pangasinan and zambales .
bushmaster firearms international , llc , based in madison , north carolina , united states , is a manufacturer and distributor of firearms . the companys product line revolves around semi-automatic pistol and rifle variants of the m4 / ar-15 design .
e2a architects is a swiss architecture office , founded in 2001 and based in zurich , switzerland . they have been competition winners for a number of important swiss buildings and projects .
black mask studios is a comic book and graphic novel publishing company formed by matt pizzolo , steve niles and brett gurewitz , designed as a new infrastructure to support comic book creators and a new pipeline for transgressive art .
wherescape is a privately held international data warehouse automation & big data software company with offices in auckland , new zealand , portland , oregon , usa , reading , united kingdom , pune , india & singapore .
trace3 , inc. is an irvine , ca-based it solutions company that provides it operations analytics , cloud computing , big data intelligence , internet of things consulting and data center solutions to businesses . related services include training and managed services .
dignity plc is one of the largest providers of funeral services and prepaid funeral plans in the united kingdom . it is a british run company and is listed on the london stock exchange .
lang propellers was a british company , specialising in aircraft propeller manufacture the company traded between 1913 and 1936 .
stv group plc , previously known as scottish television plc and scottish media group plc , is a scottish media company . it is a constituent of the ftse fledgling index . originally formed as scottish television , the itv license holder for central scotland , the company changed its name to scottish media group in 1996 and acquired the licence holder for northern scotland , grampian television , in 1997 . the scottish and grampian channels were rebranded as stv in 2006 .
oxbotica is a british autonomous vehicle software company , headquartered in summertown , oxford , england and with a test facility at culham , oxford .
emedia network , inc. is an american-based media company that markets and distributes various international television and radio services to ethnic viewers in north america as well as australia & new zealand . it was founded in february 2005 and is based in san diego , california .
berghahn books is a publisher of scholarly books and academic journals in the humanities and social sciences , with a special focus on social & cultural anthropology , european history , politics , and film & media studies . it was founded in 1994 by marion berghahn .
select medical is a healthcare company with approximately 42,000 employees throughout the united states . it owns long term acute care and inpatient rehabilitation hospitals , as well as occupational health and physical therapy clinics . the company is based in mechanicsburg , pennsylvania and was co-founded in 1996 by rocco ortenzio and robert ortenzio . its parent company is select medical holdings , which is listed on the new york stock exchange .
kennedy fried chicken and crown fried chicken are common restaurant names primarily in the new york-new jersey , philadelphia , and baltimore areas of the united states , but also in nearby smaller cities or towns along the northeastern united states . kennedy fried chickens typically compete with kentucky fried chicken in the inner city neighborhoods of several states along the east coast . there are also a number in the west coast , primarily in california .
corby spirit and wine ltd. is a canadian alcohol manufacturing and distribution company . it was founded in 1859 in corbyville , ontario . as of 2008 , the company is 46 % owned by pernod ricard sa . the company distills several canadian specialities , as well as marketing pernod ricards products in canada . corby is listed on the toronto stock exchange under the trading symbols csw.a and csw.b .
petroleum air services is an airline based in cairo , egypt . it provides oil industry support services and has extensive helicopter operations . the airline also operates commercial passenger services within egypt and to regional cities . its main base is cairo international airport .
cdiscount is a french e-commerce website with a broad offer : a wide range of products including , among others , cultural goods , high-tech , it , household appliances , personal appliances and food . historically cdiscount has positioned itself as a discount online retailer . it is currently the most important french e-commerce website in terms of turnover with a growth superior to the markets average in 2013 . cdiscount operates in france only .
education corporation of america , headquartered in birmingham , alabama , is a privately held company that operates proprietary colleges across the united states . included are three schools with 31 campuses , plus one online school and four affiliated businesses .
clarium capital management llc is an american investment management and hedge fund company pursuing a global macro strategy . clarium was founded in san francisco in 2002 by peter thiel , co-founder of paypal and early investor in facebook . clariums assets under management grew to $ 8 billion in 2008 , after which a series of unprofitable investments and client redemptions resulted in its assets declining to between $ 300400 million as of 2011 .
newmarket holidays , part of the newmarket group , is a british tour operator based in wallington , surrey , providing escorted holidays , resort-based stays and event-based tours to destinations throughout the uk , in europe and to worldwide destinations . the group employs 180 staff at its surrey head office .
regent inns was the british parent company of walkabout , jongleurs/bar risa and old orleans chains . it went into administration in october 2009 . the part-time executive chairman was bob ivell .
kemet international limited , based in maidstone , kent uk , is involved with precision lapping and polishing technology using diamond media , composite lapping plates and precision lapping and polishing machines to produce polished finishes with close tolerances . in 1998 kemet was britains largest supplier and manufacturer of diamond compounds and slurries .
eastlink wireless is a canadian mobile network operator owned by eastlink . its built network serves the provinces of nova scotia and prince edward island , with additional coverage areas provided in ontario and alberta communities .
silicon integrated systems is a company that manufactures , among other things , motherboard chipsets . the company was founded in 1987 in hsinchu science park , taiwan .
werum it solutions headquartered in lueneburg , germany is the internationally leading supplier of manufacturing execution systems software and manufacturing it solutions for the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry .
micro center is an american computer department store , which has its headquarters in hilliard , ohio . it is one of the top 200 of americas largest private companies .
almasria universal airlines is an egyptian private airline based in egypt . the airline operates schedule and charter services from egypt . almasria is derived from the arabic word for egyptian .
renault samsung motors , also known by the acronym rsm , is a south korean car manufacturer headquartered in busan where its single assembly site is also located , with additional facilities at seoul and giheung . it was first established as samsung motors in 1994 by the chaebol samsung , with technical assistance from nissan .
khd humboldt wedag is an engineering company that supplies machinery , parts , and services , including process engineering and project management to the global cement industry . the holding company khd humboldt wedag international ag , based in cologne , germany employs more than 750 employees worldwide , including customer service centers in the americas , india , russia , and the asia-pacific region . khd humboldt wedag international ag is listed on the frankfurt stock exchange .
eco canada is an online resource for environmental jobs , certification and training established in 1992 as part of canadas sector council initiative . sector councils are organizations that address human resource challenges facing the canadian economy .
contship italia group is an italian container terminal operator .
di corporation is a south korean company involved in the manufacture and supply of semiconductors test equipments and computer chips . di stands for dongil .
uk mail , formerly known as business post , is a postal service company operating in the united kingdom , which has competed with the royal mail in collection and distribution of mail since the deregulation of the postal service in january 2006 . its distribution network delivers mail to local royal mail sorting offices for last mile delivery through downstream access . uk mail competes primarily with royal mail and whistl . since december 2016 , the company has been owned by deutsche post ag .
tait communications is a multinational radio communications company with headquarters in christchurch , new zealand . the company has offices in 17 countries and employs 869 staff . tait develops voice and data radio technologies , exporting about 95 % of products from its christchurch manufacturing base . customers include london buses , country fire authority and basin electric power cooperative .
layher holding gmbh & co. kg is a globally leading german manufacturer of scaffolding , protective and event systems and ladders . the company operates two production facilities in germany . the headquarters in gglingen-eibensbach produces steel scaffolding components , while the second plant in neighbouring gglingen makes aluminium and wooden components .
the anthea group is a private group of companies engaged in the manufacture and export of a range of speciality chemicals based in mumbai , india . the group is a major producer of fragrance & flavour chemicals , catering to key f & f multinationals in markets such as north and south america , europe and the asia-pacific region . additionally , the anthea group produces speciality chemicals which are used in a range of applications such as pharmaceuticals , flame retardant polymers and agrochemicals .
china sun group high-tech co ltd , through its dlxy operating company , is a large producer of cobaltosic oxide and lithium cobalt oxide , both anode materials for lithium ion batteries . according to the china battery industry association , which conducts research of and puts forth reports on the battery industry , china sun group has the second largest cobalt series production capacity in the peoples republic of china .
the sons of confederate veterans is an association of male descendants of confederate veterans established on july 1 , 1896 , at richmond , virginia . traditionally , its activities have centred on the erecting and maintaining of monuments , the observing of memorial day and the encouragement of southern historical study . more recently , activists have placed new emphasis on the controversial right to display confederate symbols in public .
tormore distillery is a speyside single malt scotch whisky distillery located approximately 1 km south of the river spey . its water source is the achvochkie burn .
bearnos pizza is a pizza franchise based in louisville , kentucky with about 14 locations in kentucky and indiana .
electro rent corporation is a provider of rental , leasing , and sales of electronic test and measurement equipment , and in the united states rents personal computers and servers . on may 31 , 2016 , platinum equity announced its intent to acquire electro rent for $ 382.2 million .
onida is an electronics brand of mirc electronics , based in india . onida became well known in india for its colour crt televisions . onida was ranked 51st among indias most trusted brands by the brand trust report 2013 india study , a research conducted by trust research advisory and subsequently , in the brand trust report 2014 , onida was ranked 27th among indias most trusted brands .
ojsc byelorussian steel works is a belarusian company operating in the steel industry , centred in zhlobin . the main raw material of the enterprise is scrap . the enterprises product range includes : concast square steel billets , hot rolled round & square steel bars , rebars , hot rolled seamless pipe , high carbon wire rod , tyre steel cord , bead wire , hose wire , general purpose wire , steel fiber .
mapfre middlesea p.l.c. is a leading insurance provider , headquartered in floriana , malta , and is a member of the mapfre group . mapfre middlesea is listed on the malta stock exchange and is traded with symbol code mms .
abovenet was a provider of high bandwidth telecommunication circuits primarily for large corporate enterprises and communications carriers in 17 markets in the united states and four markets in europe . its private optical network delivered key network and ip services and was used in financial and legal services , media , health care , retail , and government . the company was formerly named metromedia fiber network and changed its name to abovenet in 2003 after emerging from bankruptcy .
hayden-mcneil publishing is a privately held company and subsidiary of macmillan learning headquartered in plymouth , mi , and a publisher of college and university level custom educational materials in the united states .
the targus corporation is a united states-based manufacturer of accessories mostly related to mobile computing , photography , and locks . it was founded in 1983 .
the columbo group is a hospitality and entertainment company that maintains various properties mostly nightclubs and restaurants , as well as an annual music festival . the companys portfolio includes the old queens head , xoyo , paradise by way of kensal green , the nest , phonox , the blues kitchen , the jazz cafe , sunfall festival , the camden assembly , and was awarded with the best late night operator 2015 award by the morning advertisers publican awards .
nexidia is an interaction analytics software company that provides indexing and mining software for audio and video . the technology helps customers uncover issues impacting business and develop solutions to resolve them .
bare associates international is a company that specializes in mystery shopping , brand standard evaluations , audits and inspections for clients in north america , south america , europe and asia . the privately held company serves clients in over 100 countries . the worldwide headquarters of bare associates international is in fairfax , virginia , united states .
datang telecom group is a chinese telecommunications equipment group headquartered in beijing , china . the group was founded in september 1998 by the china academy of telecommunications technology , which acted as the parent company of the group .
the openfog consortium is a consortium of high tech industry companies and academic institutions across the world aimed at the standardization and promotion of fog computing in various capacities and fields .
russian river brewing company is a brewery and brewpub in downtown santa rosa , california . the company makes strong india pale ales and sour beers .
printed matter , inc. is an independent 501 non-profit grant-supported bookstore , artist organization , and arts space presently located at 231 11th avenue in the chelsea neighborhood of new york city . printed matter focuses on publications made and distributed by artists . printed matter has been described as the cbgb of independent book sellers .
tupperware brands corporation , formerly tupperware corporation , is an american multinational direct sales company . the company was ranked equal # 2 in fortunes most admired home equipment and furnishings section .
brooks stevens , inc. , also known as brooks stevens design associates and brooks stevens design , is a product development firm headquartered in allenton , wisconsin . brooks stevenss services included research , industrial design , engineering , prototyping , project management , and graphic design .
uganda telecom , whose full legal name is uganda telecom limited , is an information and communication technology network company in uganda .
radio y televisin de andaluca is a public radio and television broadcaster in andalusia , spain .
southeastern grocers is a supermarket portfolio headquartered in jacksonville , florida . the portfolio was created by lone star funds in september 2013 as the new parent company for bi-lo , harveys , winn-dixie , and fresco y ms. southeastern grocers was rated # 31 in forbes 2015 ranking on americas largest private companies .
intra bank was a lebanese bank , and the largest financial institution in lebanon until its collapse in 1966 .
terason , a division of teratech corporation , is a global medical ultrasound imaging company headquartered in burlington , massachusetts usa . terason was the first to patent color portable ultrasound and is a market leader in ultrasound-guided venous intervention . terason produces portable ultrasound products and technologies and has provided ultrasound systems to clinicians , hospitals , outpatient centers and oem partners since 2000 .
rodgers townsend is a nationally acclaimed , full-service marketing communications agency located in st. louis , missouri . the agency provides strategic planning , advertising , direct/one-to-one marketing , and digital marketing and design services to a wide range of clients both nationally and regionally .
jamhuri wear is a safari lifestyle african clothing company .
taratari shipyard was founded in 2004 in bangladesh by the french sailor yves marre . supported by the french ngo watever , it aims to develop a modern , safe , and responsible nautical production industry in the country .
deb shops is a catalog and online retailer , formerly a specialty retail chain store in the united states that sold womens clothing and accessories under its own private labels as well as other labels . the company was based in philadelphia , pennsylvania and principally served junior and plus-sized women in their early teens through their late twenties . at its peak , deb shops operated 337 stores across 42 states . they have moved to become exclusively a plus-size store .
general pants co. is an australian fashion retailer operating across act , nsw , vic , qld , sa and wa that sells both international and national brands . the retailer specialises in streetwear , denim , skate clothing and surfwear . as of april 2014 , the company operates 56 stores .
l is the twelfth letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet , used in words such as lagoon , lantern , and less .
the berkshire humane society is a private non-profit humane organization in berkshire county , massachusetts . founded in 1992 , bhs is an open admissions shelter and has cared for over 43,000 animals . the humane society operates animal welfare services and pet adoption facilities in pittsfield and great barrington .
swiss arms ag is a swiss manufacturer of armaments . it was known as sig arms ag before 2000 when it was acquired by the german investors michael lke and thomas ortmeier from parent company schweizerische industrie gesellschaft . the castelli moser family from lugano owns 20 % of the factory .
hurley is an american multinational corporation that is engaged in the design , development , manufacturing , worldwide marketing and selling of surf apparel and accessories . the companys headquarters is in costa mesa , california . since 2002 , hurley has been owned by nike , inc.
us thrill rides is a designing and manufacturing company in orlando , florida . it is best known for creating thrill rides and roller coasters worldwide .
ammann is a surname . notable people with the surname include : erwin ammann , german politician and co-founder of the christian social union of bavaria gretel .
meka robotics was a company that made robotic systems . it was located in san francisco .
the porton group is a venture capital group based in the cayman islands with offices in dubai , that specialises in the commercialisation of military technology . it was founded by harvey boulter in 2000 .
the compass rose benefits group is an insurance provider that offers health insurance plans for civilian employees and retirees of the united states intelligence community , united states department of defense and the united states department of state , as well as a range of other insurance products for all employees and retirees of the federal government . their additional insurance solutions are available to all federal government employees .
patientway is a canadian company which produces the patientway suite , an integrated bundle of applications that streamlines the flow of information about patients from their primary care physician through to the clinical area of a hospital . it provides online pre-registration , appointment reminders and onsite interactive kiosks for activities such as appointment check-ins , full registrations , satisfaction surveys and wayfinding .
bolera caribe is a bowling center located in barrio coto laurel in the municipality of ponce , puerto rico , where bowling competitions for the 2010 central american and caribbean games were held . the venue is located at the intersection of pr-506 and pr-52 . the center is owned by bolera caribe , inc. , a private company . the bowling center was inaugurated in november 2004 .
hint water is a beverage company based in san francisco , california , as an alternative to soda and sugar beverages . it was started by former aol employee kara goldin .
shougang corporation also known as shougang group is one of chinas largest steel companies . based in beijing , its operations have been moved out of the city prior to the olympics due to concerns over pollution . its subsidiary and listed company , beijing shougang co. ltd. , was established in 1999 and listed on the shenzhen stock exchange in 2005 .
fox is an israel-based fashion chain specializing in womens , mens , childrens , and babies fashions : fox , fox men , fox kids , fox home and fox baby .
credit europe bank is a dutch registered bank owned by the turkish financial holding company fiba group . the bank is focused on corporate lending as well as on retail banking and operates in the euro-zone countries of the netherlands , belgium , germany , malta as well as in china , dubai , russia , romania , switzerland and ukraine . the banks strategy is to offer easy-to-use retail banking and sme products as well as private banking . it also offers trade finance and corporate banking services .
exa corporation is a developer and distributor of computer-aided engineering software . its main product is powerflow , a lattice-boltzmann derived implementation of computational fluid dynamics , which can very accurately simulate internal and external flows in low-mach regimes . powerflow is used extensively in the international automotive and transportation industries .
cloud imperium games corporation is an american video game company , founded in 2010 by chris roberts and ortwin freyermuth , with offices in los angeles , california , austin , texas , manchester , derby and frankfurt .
eppendorf , a company with its registered office in germany , develops , produces and sells products and services for laboratories around the world . eppendorf products are used in academic and industrial research laboratories , e.g. in companies in the pharmaceutical , biotech , chemical and food industries .
the little was two automobiles built in flint , michigan , from 1912 15 and the company , little motor car company , founded by william h. little and william c. durant that built them . it was incorporated into the current chevrolet motor company .
commercial metals company is a steel and metal manufacturer based in based in irving , texas .
superior energy services , inc. is an oilfield services company . in 2014 it ranked 534 on the fortune 1000 .
the bank of the province of buenos aires is a publicly owned argentine bank and the second-largest in the nation , by value of assets and deposits .
teradici is a privately held software company founded in 2004 , with head offices in metropolitan vancouver , bc and santa clara , ca . teradici initially developed a protocol for compressing and decompressing images and sound when remotely accessing blade servers , and implemented it in hardware . this technology was later expanded to thin clients/zero clients for general virtual desktop infrastructure .
kenya women microfinance bank , formerly kenya women finance trust or kwft , is a deposit-taking microfinance bank in kenya , the largest economy in the east african community .
viagogo is an online ticket marketplace for ticket resale . the company , which was founded in london in 2006 , has a network of more than 60 global websites with customers in 160 countries . viagogo is backed by the venture capital investment firm index ventures as well as brent hoberman , the co-founder and former ceo of lastminute.com and lord jacob rothschild via his family interests .
erento is the largest online rental marketplace in germany . the company considers itself at the forefront of the collaborative consumption movement , also known as the sharing economy . founded in 2003 by chris mller and uwe kampschulte as a berlin start-up , today erento is operating in the uk , finland , austria , germany and switzerland .
mandrake of oxford is a specialist independent publisher based in oxford , england , primarily known for the publication of hands-on books for occult practitioners . the company was started in 1986 under the name golden dawn publications , but changed its name to mandrake upon the publication of sexual magick by katon shual in 1988 . mandrake publishes texts on magick , occulture , tantra and thelema .
stv group plc , previously known as scottish television plc and scottish media group plc , is a scottish media company . it is a constituent of the ftse fledgling index . originally formed as scottish television , the itv license holder for central scotland , the company changed its name to scottish media group in 1996 and acquired the licence holder for northern scotland , grampian television , in 1997 . the scottish and grampian channels were rebranded as stv in 2006 .
the nasdaq stock market -RRB- is an american stock exchange . it is the second-largest exchange in the world by market capitalization , behind only the new york stock exchange located in the same city . the exchange platform is owned by nasdaq , inc. , which also owns the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic stock market network and several other u.s. stock and options exchanges .
appsflyer is a saas mobile marketing analytics and attribution platform , based out of herzliya , israel , with offices around the world .
legacoop is a cooperative federation located in italy . legacoop consists of several associations of cooperatives , providing coordination and advocating on the members cooperatives behalf .
radionomy is an online platform that provides tools for operating online radio stations . radionomy is part of radionomy group .
the cleveland news was a daily and sunday american newspaper in cleveland , ohio , published from 1905 to 1960 , when it was absorbed by the rival paper the cleveland press .
cgs aviation , inc. is an american aircraft manufacturer based in grand bay , alabama . the company was founded by chuck slusarczyk in the early 1970s in broadview heights , ohio as chucks glider supplies . today it run by danny dezauche and specializes in the design and manufacture of ultralight aircraft in the form of kits for amateur construction and ready-to-fly aircraft in the us far 103 ultralight vehicles rules category .
greataupair is an american au pair organization based in austin , texas . it was founded in 2001 by shannon and jamie pitts , who were living in san ramon , california , and had hired au pairs in the past to take care of their children . by 2013 , the firm had connected more than one million families and caretakers .
alias enterprises is a united states publishing company . their main divisions are alias comics and cross culture . based in san diego , california , it was founded in january 2005 by brett burner and mike s. miller . they publish comics such as lullaby , the 10th muse , the legend of isis , and sixgun samurai .
mongolian mining corporation is a mongolian coking coal producer listed in the hong kong stock exchange . it is the largest privately owned coal mining company in mongolia , owning two coal mines located in the gobi desert , namely the ukhaa khudag mine and the baruu naran mine .
edwards is a vacuum engineering company headquartered in burgess hill , in west sussex in the united kingdom . the company manufactures and supplies vacuum and abatement equipment used in advanced manufacturing processes . as of january 2014 , edwards is a wholly owned subsidiary of atlas copco group .
severin elektrogerte gmbh is a german manufacturer of electric home appliances with its headquarters in sundern , germany .
de vere is a hotels and leisure business which until the late 1990s was a brewing company known as greenalls . it used to be listed on the london stock exchange and was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
the arms corporation of the philippines is a firearms manufacturing company headquartered in the philippines . the company is known for its inexpensive 1911-pattern pistols , revolvers , shotguns , sporting rifles , firearms parts and ammunition .
blue star ferries is a brand name of blue star maritime s.a. the company operates ferry services from the greek mainland to the aegean islands . blue star ferries is the biggest ferry company in greece serving more than 20 destinations . its fleet is composed of modern ferries going from 23 to 30 knots .
witan investment trust plc a multi-managed , global equity investment trust , with a portfolio diversified by geographical region , industrial sector and individual stock . witan is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
the groupe vendome sa was a french cosmetics holding company based in dijon .
meta is a company performing big data analysis of scientific literature . the company is headquartered in toronto , ontario , canada and operates meta science , a literature discovery platform . the company was acquired by the chan zuckerberg initiative in 2017 .
the mcdonnell aircraft corporation was an american aerospace manufacturer based in st. louis , missouri . the company was founded on july 6 , 1939 by james smith mcdonnell , and was best known for its military fighters , including the f-4 phantom ii , and manned spacecraft including the mercury capsule and gemini capsule . mcdonnell aircraft later merged with the douglas aircraft company to form mcdonnell douglas in 1967 .
hd supply , inc. is an industrial distributor in north america . the company provides a broad range of products and value-added services to approximately 500,000 professional customers in maintenance , repair and operations , infrastructure and power and specialty construction sectors .
kantox is a uk based multinational fintech company that offers foreign currency exchange and international payment solutions for corporate clients . kantox has its headquarters in the city of london and offices in torre mapfre barcelona , spain , and currently works with 92 currencies and operates in more than 50 countries worldwide . kantox is a founding member of both france fintech and the spanish association for financial technology .
barnett bank , founded in 1877 , eventually became the largest commercial bank in florida with over 600 offices and $ 41.2 billion in deposits . the purchase by nationsbank was announced august 29 , 1997 , but even before signs on barnetts branches were changed , nationsbank merged with bankamerica in 1998 , creating bank of america .
working title films limited is a british film and television production company , owned by universal studios . the company was founded by tim bevan and sarah radclyffe in 1984 . it produces feature films and several television productions . eric fellner and tim bevan are now the co chairs of the company .
the socit anonyme des ateliers de scheron was a joint-stock company based in geneva , switzerland . it specialized in electrical engineering , including the manufacture of electrical equipment and locomotives . in 1989 , the company was split into four successor companies , abb scheron sa , abb power generation , abb systmes de transport and scheron sa .
r k global is an indian financial broking firm with services ranging from equities , derivatives , commodities , currency , depository , ipo distribution , mutual fund distribution and consultancy .
the uganda electricity transmission company limited is a parastatal company whose primary purpose is to make bulk electricity purchases and transmit the electricity along high voltage wires to local and foreign distribution points . uetcl is the sole authorized national bulk energy purchaser and the sole authorized electricity importer and exporter in uganda .
treasury holdings was an irish property development company headed by johnny ronan and richard barrett . the company , which was insolvent with a huge amount of debt , was wound up in october 2012 .
bourne leisure holdings limited is a british private company which owns a number of subsidiary undertakings operating in the leisure and holiday sectors in the united kingdom including haven holidays , butlins and warner leisure hotels .
big baller brand is an american company that designs , manufactures , and sells clothing and shoes . launched in 2016 by media personality lavar ball , it has most notably produced signature shoes for the ball brothers : lonzo ball of the los angeles lakers , and lamelo and liangelo ball of the lithuanian team vytautas prienaibirtonas .
alvis ltd. was created when united scientific holdings plc acquired the alvis division of the nationalised vehicle manufacturer british leyland in 1981 . united scientific maintained its own name until 1992 when the group was renamed alvis plc. alvis acquired swedish armoured vehicle manufacturer hagglunds ab in 1997 and the armoured vehicle business of gkn in 1998 . finally , it acquired vickers defence systems from rolls-royce in october 2002 .
mitsui group is one of the largest keiretsu in japan and one of the largest corporate groups in the world . the major companies of the group include mitsui & co. , sumitomo mitsui banking corporation , sapporo breweries , toray industries , mitsui chemicals , isetan mitsukoshi holdings , sumitomo mitsui trust holdings , mitsui engineering & shipbuilding , mitsui o.s.k. lines and mitsui fudosan .
citibus was an english bus operator in greater manchester .
zaz or zaporizhia automobile building plant is the main automobile manufacturer of ukraine , based in the south-eastern city of zaporizhia . it also produces buses and trucks and is known for its former parent companys name , avtozaz .
weingarten realty investors is a publicly-traded real estate investment trust that invests in shopping centers , primarily in the southern united states and primarily with grocery stores as the anchor stores . as of december 31 , 2016 , the company owned interests in 220 properties comprising 4.7 million square feet . during 2016 , 20.5 % of the companys revenues were generated from properties in the houston area and 30 % of the companys revenues were generated from properties in texas .
sm investments corporation , also known as sm investments or informally as the sm group is a holding company with interests in shopping mall development and management , retail , real estate development , banking , and tourism , founded by henry sy , sr. it has become one of the largest conglomerates in the philippines , being the countrys dominant player in retail with 208 stores nationwide .
climax studios is a british video game developer based in portsmouth , england , united kingdom that are best known for their work on the 2004 action role-playing game sudeki and the 2007 and 2009 survival horror video games silent hill : origins and silent hill : shattered memories from the silent hill franchise .
ashtead group plc is a british industrial equipment rental company formerly based in leatherhead , surrey , but which has since moved to new offices in the city of london . it is listed on the london stock exchange , and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
imi systems , formerly israel military industries , also referred to as taas , is an israeli weapons manufacturer . it manufactures weapons , munitions and military technology mainly for israeli security forces .
the pharmaceutical product development , llc is a global contract research organization providing discovery , development and post-approval services as well as compound partnering programs . the companys clients and partners include pharmaceutical , biotechnology , medical device , academic and government organizations .
overseas trust bank limited was a bank in hong kong . it was established in 1955 by chang ming thien , a malaysian businessman and it was listed on the hong kong stock exchange in 1972 . it was the fourth largest bank in hong kong before acquisition .
tauck is an operator of guided tours and cruises on rivers . the company is owned and operated by the tauck family and is based in wilton , connecticut . tauck offers more than 100 guided land journeys , small-ship ocean cruises , european river cruises , safaris and family travel experiences in more than 70 countries , and it has received numerous accolades .
heap eng moh steamship co. was a shipping line owned by majoor oei tiong ham , a chinese indonesian businessman .
anz royal is a bank in cambodia with 23 branches that provides internet banking and a network of automated teller machines at 101 locations both at branches and off-site . it also offers an institutional team to assist multinational businesses operating in cambodia . established in 2005 , anz royal is a joint venture of the australian anz and the cambodian royal group company .
buck consultants was a global hr benefits and human resource consulting firm . today it is conduent hr services , a division of conduent .
disturbing tha peace is an american record label founded by christopher ludacris bridges . today it operates as a subsidiary of def jam , a division of universal music group .
greencore group plc is a food company in ireland . established by the irish government in 1991 when they privatised irish sugar , today its lines span mainly convenience food related interests in the republic of ireland and the united kingdom . greencore is today the worlds largest sandwich manufacturer . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
leitwind is a brand of the worldwide company leitner ag . with this brand the company produce wind turbines in the megawatt class . the companys headquarter is located in sterzing , italy and is part of the corporate group hti .
langenscheidt is a privately held german publishing company , specialising in language resource literature . as well as producing monolingual dictionaries , langenscheidt also produces bilingual dictionaries and travel phrase-books .
the newsweek daily beast company llc was an american media company , and owner of newsweek and the daily beast . it was established in 2010 as a merger between the two media outlets . the company was owned by iac/interactivecorp and the estate of the late sidney harman , with stephen colvin of the daily beast as ceo . in august 2013 , ibt media acquired newsweek , leaving the daily beast under the management of the newsweek daily beast company , which today operates as a subsidiary of iac .
genesee , derived from the seneca word for pleasant valley , may refer to : .
vigilant technology makes surveillance and security systems such as digital recording systems , video content analysis and control centers . vigilant supports tens of thousands of cameras in airports , governmental sites , financial institutions , correctional facilities , casinos , and city centers .
banca italease s.p.a. was an italian finance leasing company , based in milan . the company formed two subsidiaries alba leasing and a bad bank in 2009 . the shares of alba leasing were distributed to the former shareholders of banca italease , with banca italease and release s.p.a. became the subsidiary of banco popolare instead . banca italease was absorbed into banco popolare in 2015 as its leasing division .
ancestry.com llc is a privately held online company based in lehi , utah , united states . the largest for-profit genealogy company in the world , it operates a network of genealogical , historical record and genetic genealogy websites . as of june 2014 , the company claims to provide access to approximately 16 billion historical records , and have over 2 million paying subscribers and , as of february 2018 , more than seven million ancestrydna customers .
british electric traction company limited , renamed bet plc in 1985 , was a large british industrial conglomerate . it was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index but was acquired by rentokil in 1996 , and the merged company is now known as rentokil initial .
unionsexpressen was an intercity train service provided between oslo and stockholm , the capitals of norway and sweden . the first-class only service was operated by company unionsexpressen scandinavian railway ab , while haulage and norwegian representation was operated by ofotbanen . in 2005 , the state-owned sj and norges statsbaner cooperation linx closed services on the oslostockholm route .
nethergate brewery was established in 1986 in clare , suffolk , england by former head brewer ian hornsey and his business partner dick burge . in 2005 the brewery site was moved across the county border to pentlow in essex . in 2010 the brewery was sold to anonymous buyers . since 2017 the brewery has been based back in suffolk , in the hamlet of rodbridge .
iams -LRB- -RRB- is a popular brand name for dog food and cat food manufactured by spectrum brands in europe and mars , inc worldwide . the company sells pet food for cats and dogs formulated for puppy/kitten , adult and mature . its products are developed by nutritionists and veterinarians and can be found in three main formulas : proactive health , healthy naturals and premium protection . veterinary formulas for pets with special dietary requirements are also available .
cox may refer to : coxswain in a boat crewcox , including people with the namecoxs orange pippin , a variety of applecoxs criminal cases , british law reportscox , a 2016 novel by christoph ransmayr .
univer-export or univerexport , a serbian supermarket chain with headquarters in novi sad , serbia . its retail chain contains a total of 132 stores .
vigor industrial is an american shipbuilding , shiprepair , and industrial service provider in the pacific northwest and alaska . based in portland , oregon , the company consists of several subsidiary companies for a combined total of seven facilities with ten drydocks , more than 17,000 feet of pier space , and over 2,000 employees .
axium foods , inc. -- a division of mccleary , inc. -- is a manufacturer of corn-based snack products , including plain and flavored tortilla chips , corn chips , puffed cheese snacks and crunchy cheese snacks . headquartered in south beloit , il , it is a private label snack food manufacturer and the maker of pajedas , fiesta crunch and mystic harvest .
skyfire is a software company founded in 2007 , and acquired by opera software in 2013 . in 2015 , the company became the network solutions division of opera , and ceased using the skyfire brand name . they offer network optimization technologies including video optimization and monetization tools for carriers . skyfire discontinued its skyfire web browser in 2014 in order to consolidate its focus on its mobile operator technology .
bordeaux aronautique was a french aeronautic company founded during the german occupation of france in world war ii , on 17 march 1939 , by marcel bloch , andr curvale , henri deplante and claude de cambronne .
sammy corporation is a leading developer and retailer of pachinko and pachislot systems in japan that was established on november 1 , 1975 as sammy industry . the company is also known for publishing a small number of video games such as the guilty gear , the rumble fish and survival arts series of fighting games . in 2004 , it merged with sega to form a new holding company called sega sammy holdings inc.
oneid is a digital security service based in redwood city , california . oneid sells a digital identity system that claims to provide security across all devices using public key cryptography instead of passwords . the technology is utilized by non-profits , such as salsa labs , to increase the frequency and security of online donations .
utva aviation industry is a serbian manufacturer of general aviation aircraft with the headquarters in panevo , serbia .
the oxford and rugby railway was a railway between oxford and fenny compton that was projected to reach rugby but failed to do so .
metro-goldwyn-mayer television is an american television production/distribution studio launched on june 30 , 1956 as mgm-tv as a division of metro-goldwyn-mayer . from 2005 to 2006 , mgm television programs were distributed by sony pictures television .
yup is a san francisco-based educational technology company that provides on-demand tutoring services on various topics of mathematics , chemistry , and physics . the service is provided via a mobile app , which connects tutors with students in real-time . the company was founded in 2014 in san francisco by naguib s. sawiris , who also acts as the ceo . the company has been featured in publications such as forbes , fox , venturebeat , and techcrunch .
macdavid is an israeli fast food brand , that started in 1978 in tel aviv . after growing to a peak of 28 branches , many branches have closed , leaving one location , in haifa .
the allensbach institute , formally the allensbach institute for public opinion research or allensbach institute for public opinion polling , is a private conservative opinion polling institute based in allensbach , baden-wrttemberg , germany .
deutsche bank s.p.a. is an italian bank based in milan , lombardy . it was subsidiary of deutsche bank a.g. .
folland aircraft was a british aircraft manufacturing company which was active between 1937 and 1963 .
elance was an online staffing platform based in mountain view , california , united states now operated by upwork .
china cnr corporation limited was a primary manufacturer of locomotives and rolling stock for the chinese market . the company has also exported to over 80 countries and regions , including australia , turkey , new zealand , saudi arabia , hong kong , taiwan , argentina , brazil and france . in 2015 , the company merged with csr to form crrc .
omniture is an online marketing and web analytics business unit in orem , utah . it was acquired by adobe systems in 2009 . until 2011 , omniture operated as a business unit within adobe as the omniture business unit , but as of 2012 adobe began retiring the omniture name as former omniture products were integrated into the adobe marketing cloud .
leanix is a software vendor that provides tools and services in the areas of enterprise architecture and application portfolio management for small , medium and large enterprises . the companys headquarters is in bonn and it has a subsidiary in the us with an office in houston , tx . leanix is mentioned in the gartner magic quadrant for enterprise architecture tools 2015 .
grupo corripio is a private holding company which is considered among the most successful enterprises operating in the dominican republic , owning a controlling interest in several companies across a wide variety of sectors . some of grupo corripios best known and most profitable investments are in the mass media industry and include the newspapers hoy , and el nacional y el da , as well as the television channels tele antillas and telesistema .
chrome river technologies is an american software-as-a-service company that creates expense reporting and supplier invoice automation software for mid-size to large commercial and non profit organizations and higher education institutions worldwide .
snom technology gmbh is a german company which manufactures voice over internet protocol telephones , based on the ietf standard session initiation protocol . snoms products are targeted at the small - to medium-sized business sector , home offices , internet service providers , carriers , and original equipment manufacturers .
mozilla taiwan is a branch of the mozilla corporation in taipei , taiwan . mozilla taiwan was founded on 19 october 2011 . it helps promoting and deploying mozilla products in taiwan .
forte design systems , inc. is a san jose , ca , based provider of high-level synthesis software products , also known as electronic system-level synthesis . fortes main product is cynthesizer . on february 14 , 2014 , forte was acquired by cadence design systems . terms of the transaction were not disclosed .
slave labor graphics is an independent american comic book publisher , well known for publishing darkly humorous , offbeat comics . creators associated with slg over the years include evan dorkin , sarah dyer , woodrow phoenix , jhonen vasquez , and andi watson .
the b. f. sturtevant company was a boston-based manufacturer of fans . it became a leader in the manufacture of industrial air cooling and ventilation systems .
um-motorcycles is an american motorcycle manufacturer headquartered in miami . um was formed in the early 2000s by octavio villegas llano . the company has a distribution network in 25 nations with 1200 outlets . it also entered the european market during the 2016 intermot , and its european operations are based out of porto .
burohappold engineering is a british professional services firm providing engineering consultancy , design , planning , project management and consulting services for all aspects of buildings , infrastructure and the environment , with its head office in bath , somerset . it was founded in 1976 , by sir edmund happold in bath in the southwest of england when he left ove arup and partners to take up a post at the university of bath as professor of architecture and engineering design .
pilot corporation is a japanese pen manufacturer based in tokyo , japan . it produces writing instruments , stationery and jewelery , but is best known for its pens . it is the largest pen manufacturer in japan , and has a large number of subsidiaries throughout the world , including in the philippines , united kingdom , indonesia , malaysia , india , brazil , south africa , germany and france . most pilot pens are made in japan , france and the usa .
lippo limited is a hong kong incorporated listed company . it is the parent company of hongkong chinese limited , lippo china resources limited and auric pacific group , all listed companies . founded by indonesian chinese mochtar riady , lippo limited was majority owned by lippo capital in turn lippo capital was 60 % owned by mochtars son stephen riady , as well as his brother james tjahaja riady .
stanadyne llc is a developer and manufacturer of fuel pumps and fuel injectors for diesel and gasoline engines . the company is based in windsor , connecticut , with global locations in changshu , china , chennai , india , and brescia , italy . the company also operates a manufacturing facility in jacksonville , nc .
gas malaysia berhad is a natural gas distribution company in malaysia . the company headquarters is located in shah alam . it has three regional offices , located in prai , gebeng and pasir gudang , and seven branch offices located throughout peninsular malaysia .
the berkeley group holdings plc is a british property developer based in cobham , surrey . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
the dyson group is an australian operator of buses and coaches in victoria .
brainsway is an israeli company with international operations that is engaged in the development of a medical device that uses h-coil for deep transcranial magnetic stimulation as a noninvasive treatment for depression . the company was founded in 2003 and has offices in the us and jerusalem , israel .
rohilkund and kumaon railway was a metre gauge railway in india covering a total network of 592 miles . it was owned and worked by the rohilkund and kumaon railway company . the rohilkund and kumaon railway was transferred to the government of india and merged into the oudh and tirhut railway on 1 january 1943 .
ty-d-bol , an american brand of toilet cleaner , was introduced in 1958 . in its original format , the product is a blue cleanser/disinfectant liquid released into the toilet tank from an automatic dispenser . the brand has changed owners repeatedly willert home products of saint louis , missouri , which acquired the brand in 2010 , currently manufactures ty-d-bol in south st. louis .
cassa di risparmio di cento s.p.a. is an italian savings bank based in cento , emilia-romagna , which serve the province of ferrara , bologna and modena .
meltwater is a software as a service company that develops and markets media monitoring and business intelligence software . the company was founded in oslo , norway , by jrn lyseggen , in 2001 and is headquartered in san francisco , california , with additional offices across europe , north america , asia/pacific , australia , and africa . the company employs more than 1500 people and has more than 25,000 clients internationally .
banco bisa s.a. , formerly known as banco industrial s.a. is a bolivian banking and financial services company headquartered in la paz . founded on 5 july 1963 , banco bisa became bolivias third largest bank by assets . the bank provides its products and services through operating 66 banking centers , 280 atms , call centers , and online and mobile banking platforms .
cch canadian limited is one of the four operating units of wolters kluwer tax & accounting . cch canadian ltd. is a provider of solutions in the area of tax , accounting , law , human resources and financial planning .
silvertone was a store brand used by sears , roebuck and company for its line of consumer electronics and musical instruments from 1915 to 1972 . the silvertone brand was introduced by sears in 1915 with a hand-cranked phonograph . beginning in the 1920s , the brand was expanded to include silvertone radios and again expanded in the 1930s to musical instruments , superseding the previously-used supertone branding .
tactical air support , inc. is an american defense contractor headquartered in reno , nevada at reno-stead airport . almost all of its employees are former fighter weapons school and operational commanders , instructors , and/or test pilots that specialize in advanced tactical air support .
ipko is a company that provides telecommunication services in kosovo . it is the second mobile operator in the country . amongst their services are : mobile telephony , fixed telephony , internet provider and cable tv . the main shareholder of the company is telekom slovenije . until the adoption of the new country code +383 , ipko used slovenian country code +386 .
erf was a british truck manufacturer . established in 1933 by dennis foden , its factory in sandbach , cheshire was closed in 2002 , and it was discontinued as a marque by owner man ag in 2007 .
the arman fm fm is the first general entertainment commercial radio station in afghanistan in dari and pashto . it broadcasts 24/7 and is also available on live stream on arman fms website .
diversified specialty institute is a healthcare group created in 2003 whose purpose is to build and operate hospitals across the nation . while the groups primary task is the operation of over a hundred dialysis clinics around the nation , dsi is on the forefront of hospital construction technology with operations including the state-of-the-art breast cancer treatment facility in bucks county , pennsylvania .
new media distribution/irjax enterprises was a comic book distributor and boutique publisher active in the 1970s and early 1980s during the growth of the direct market . after the distribution arm of the company went out of business in 1982 , its processing centers and warehouses formed the basis for diamond comics distributors , the now-dominant comics distributor . new medias publishing arm continued in the business until 1985 .
first manhattan co. was founded in 1964 by a group of financial industry executives led by sandy gottesman . fmc remains an owner-operated investment advisory firm . robert gottesman , david gottesmans son , is currently the firms ceo.fmc is based in new york city .
oltcit s.a. was an automobile manufacturer , established as a joint venture between the romanian government and citron . their main product was the oltcit club / citron axel hatchback , assembled in craiova , romania .
hiller aircraft company was founded in 1942 as hiller industries by stanley hiller to develop helicopters .
unipol assicurazioni was a subsidiary incorporated in 2007 to receive the assets from unipol gruppo finanziario . on 6 january 2014 it was merged with other insurance companies to form unipolsai .
amperex electronic corporation was a manufacturer of vacuum tubes and semiconductors .
chestnut hill realty is a privately held real estate company based in chestnut hill , massachusetts , that specializes in purchasing , renovating , developing , operating and leasing real estate , with a focus on multi-family residential housing . chr owns and manages 28 apartment communities comprising more than 4,700 units in greater boston and rhode island . the companys holdings are valued at more than $ 1 billion .
charming shoppes was a specialty and plus size clothing retail holding company based in bensalem , pennsylvania a suburb of philadelphia . its subsidiaries are lane bryant , cacique and catherines plus . clothes were sold from over 2300 retail stores in the united states , as well as numerous catalogs and online sites . in 2012 , the company and assets merged with ascena retail group .
eik banki froya p/f is a financial services group in the faroe islands , which was previously one of the two major privately owned banking firms based in the country . established in 1832 , the group , which also operated in mainland denmark , encompassed retail , corporate and investment banking activities as well as real estate brokerage .
ria money transfer is a subsidiary of euronet worldwide , inc. which specializes in money remittances . ria initiates transfers through a network of agents and company-owned stores located throughout north america , latin america , europe , asia-pacific , africa and online .
gibtelecom is the largest telecommunications provider in the british overseas territory of gibraltar . its headquarters is located on john mackintosh square .
erik buell racing is an american motorcycle sport company which produces street and racing motorcycles , based in east troy , wisconsin , usa . the business entered receivership in april 2015 . after two previous attempts , the business remnants were sold in january 2016 to liquid asset partners , an american organization specializing in the purchase and liquidation of failed businesses .
calera capital is a private equity firm focused on investments in middle-market companies . founded in 1991 , calera capital has $ 2.8 billion of assets under management . the firm is currently investing out of its fourth fund , calera capital partners iv , which was raised in 2008 . calera capital has offices in san francisco and boston .
covepoint capital advisors llc is a privately held hedge fund , which is based in new york city , new york . the fund started off as part of bear stearns in 2005 and spun off into a standalone fund in 2008 . melissa ko managed the fund since its inception . by 2015 , the fund had over $ 2.4 billion in managed assets and was transformed into a family office .
twisted pictures is an american independent production company , mainly creating horror and thriller films . the company was founded in 2004 by evolution entertainments mark burg , oren koules and gregg hoffman . they are known for producing and owning the saw franchise .
icom inc. . is an international manufacturer of radio transmitting and receiving equipment , founded in 1954 by tokuzo inoue with the companys original name being inoue . its products now include equipment for radio amateurs , pilots , maritime applications , land mobile professional applications and radio scanner enthusiasts .
mother dairy fruit & vegetable pvt ltd is an indian company that manufactures , markets and sells milk , milk products and other edible products . its milk products include cultured products , ice cream , paneer and ghee under the mother dairy brand . the company also sells edible oils , fresh fruits and vegetables , frozen vegetables , and processed food like fruit juices , jams , pickles etc. mother dairy was founded in 1974 , as a wholly owned subsidiary of the national dairy development board .
the chalvignac group is an international industrial company . its headquarters is located in jarnac-champagne , charente-maritime , france . global specialist of distillation processes , this group is also proposing agricultural and wine-growing trailers , stainless steel/fiber tanks and has recently extended its activity to the winery equipment retailing .
one nevada credit union headquartered in winchester , nevada , is the largest locally based federally insured , state-charted credit union in nevada with locations in las vegas , henderson , reno , and north las vegas . it operates several credit union service organizations including : one nevada realty services , llc one nevada insurance services , llc one nevada investment group and others .
sberbank is a state-owned russian banking and financial services company headquartered in moscow . the company was known as sberbank of russia until 2015 . sberbank has operations in several european and post-soviet countries .
stonegate bank is an american bank headquartered in pompano beach , florida .
j d wetherspoon plc , branded as wetherspoon , is a pub company in the united kingdom and the republic of ireland . founded in 1979 by tim martin , the company owns just under 1,000 outlets , including the chain of lloyds no. 1 bars and the chain of wetherspoon hotels . with its headquarters in watford , wetherspoon is known for converting unconventional premises into pubs . the company is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
hnw , inc. is a strategic marketing company based in new york , ny . founded in 2001 , hnw is a provider of strategic and interactive marketing solutions for wealth management firms and luxury brands . hnw is focused exclusively on rich people and offers consulting and creative services .
square co. , ltd. was a japanese video game company founded in september 1986 by masafumi miyamoto . it merged with enix in 2003 and became square enix . the company also used squaresoft as a brand name to refer to their games , and the term is occasionally used to refer to the company itself . in addition , squaresoft , inc was the name of the companys american arm before the merger , after which it was renamed to square enix , inc.
cengage is an educational content , technology , and services company for the higher education , k-12 , professional , and library markets worldwide . it has operations in more than 20 countries around the world .
smallworld fibre was a british telecommunications company based in irvine , north ayrshire . the coverage area was irvine , dreghorn , troon and kilmarnock in the west of scotland , and carlisle , lancaster and morecambe in the north-west of england , serving over 40,000 homes . smallworld provided broadband , telephone and digital television services to residential customers .
rocksteady studios limited is a british video game developer based in kentish town , london . founded in november 2004 , they are best known for their work in the batman : arkham series . the company is a subsidiary of warner bros. interactive entertainment , with a 74.9 % ownership , while square enix europe owns the remaining 25.1 % .
alembic is an american manufacturer of high-end electric basses , guitars and preamps . founded in 1969 , they began manufacturing pre-amps before building complete instruments .
ao.com is an online retailer specialising in electrical goods . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
tajikfilm is a tajik film studio . tajikfilm was founded in 1930 as a newsreel studio the studio released its first feature film in 1932 and its first talky in 1935 . in 1941 tajikfilm merged with soyuzdetfilm , only to reemerge in 1943 . the studio produced films in both russian and tajik . the studio is based in dushanbe , tajikistan .
kelvin hughes is a british company specialising in the design and manufacture of navigation and surveillance systems and a supplier of navigational data to both the commercial marine and government marketplace . the company provides radar systems to navies , governments , coastlines , ports and vts installations as well as radars for land based security and surveillance applications .
schott ag is an international manufacturing group of glass and glass-ceramics . the company is headquartered in mainz , germany and employs approximately 15,100 people worldwide . all shares of schott ag are solely held by the carl zeiss foundation . the company reported sales worth 2.05 billion euros in its fiscal year 2016/2017 .
mhle-glashtte gmbh nautische instrumente und feinmechanik is a german manufacturer of nautical instruments , ships timepieces and wristwatches , based in glashtte .
denby pottery company ltd is a british manufacturer of pottery , named after the village of denby in derbyshire where it is based .
friesens corporation is canadas largest printer of hardcover books . they are employee-owned , specializing in hardcover books and yearbooks , and located in altona , manitoba , canada . friesens also operates a self publishing subsidiary named friesenpress , launched in 2009 .
turner publishing company is an american independent book publisher based in nashville , tennessee . the company is in the top 101 independent publishing companies in the u.s. as compiled by bookmarket.com and has been named four times to publishers weekly s fastest growing publishers list .
woolworths is a new zealand supermarket chain and a unit of woolworths group in australia . the chain has been re-branded as countdown , but a single outlet under the name still operates at mount maunganuis bayfair shopping centre , and will not be rebranded to countdown .
united shipbuilding corporation is an open joint stock company in russia which unites shipbuilding , repair and maintenance subsidiaries in western and northern russia , and in the countrys far east , to streamline civilian shipbuilding using military facilities . united shipbuilding corporation is the 100 % owner of in arctech helsinki shipyard , having bought the remaining 50 % of the shares from its joint venture partner stx finland cruise oy .
genesis transport service , inc. , also known as genesis transport or simply genesis , is a provincial bus company in the philippines , operating routes connecting metro manila to central luzon and northern luzon .
cn group limited is an independent local media business based in carlisle , cumbria , england , operating in print and radio . the company was formerly known as the cumbrian newspapers group ltd but changed its name to reflect the fact that is no longer primarily a newspaper publisher . one of its principal subsidiaries however is still known as cumbrian newspapers ltd.
stelia aerospace is a company that designs and manufactures aerostructures , pilot seats and premium class passenger seats for aircraft and airlines . stelia aerospace was created on 1 january 2015 by the merger of two airbus business units : aerolia and sogerma . the company is owned by airbus , and is headquartered in toulouse , france .
the co-operative permanent building society was a mutual building society , providing mortgages and savings accounts to its members . its head office was located at new oxford house in london . in 1970 , it was renamed the nationwide building society .
gree , inc. is a japanese internet media company with headquarters in the roppongi hills mori tower in roppongi , tokyo . it has been operating the social network service gree since its establishment in december 2004 .
ecover is a belgium-based company that manufactures ecologically sound cleaning products .
kharma international b.v. , usually known as kharma , is a high-end audio equipment manufacturer producing mainly loudspeakers and cables .
cellular sales is an american wireless retailer based in knoxville , tennessee . it is an authorized agent for verizon wireless and recognized as its largest retailer in the united states . cellular sales operates more than 715 retail stores across 39 states in the u.s. the company was ranked on inc. magazines inc 5000 list nine times . dane scism is the company ceo , and its headquarters is located in knoxville , tennessee .
cleanaway waste management is a recycling , waste management and industrial services company operating in australia . cleanaway is an asx top 100 listed company , employing over 4,000 people across australia . cleanaway has over 200 sites and depots , more than 45 major processing plants , and provides over 300 products and services . the company services customers ranging from small businesses to large multi-national commercial and industrial organisations across a range of different industries .
the neil a. kjos music company is an american music publisher based in san diego , california . it has published a large number of books used to teach music , most notably the standard of excellence series of books and software .
new dance group , or more casually ndg , is a performing arts organization in new york city , united states .
skyline solar was a concentrated photovoltaic company based in mountain view , california . the company developed medium-concentration photovoltaic systems to produce electricity for commercial , industrial and utility scale solar markets . the company was founded in 2007 by bob macdonald , bill keating and eric johnson . it appears to have quit operations in late 2012 and has deactivated its website .
outsourcery plc , was a uk-based cloud services provider founded in 2007 by co-ceos , piers linney and simon newton . the company went into administration in june 2016 when most of the business and assets were acquired by gci network solutions ltd.
the globe aircraft corporation was an american aircraft manufacturer , formed in 1941 in fort worth , texas . it was declared bankrupt in 1947 .
b-p battioni e pagani s.p.a. is an italian manufacturer of forklifts . the company makes diesel and electric forklifts . the company is uni en iso 9002 certified and uni en iso 9001:2000 certified since 2002 .
throwback entertainment , based in toronto , ontario , canada develops , creates and publishes immersive and interactive gaming titles . throwback entertainments unique portfolio of over 190 games has accumulated of $ 3.5 billion in revenue , sold over 200 million copies and distributed to over 35 countries .
daewon media , formerly daiwon c & a holdings , is a south korean company specializing in character and animation-related business . founded in 1973 , daewons subsidiaries include daiwon c.i. , haksan publishing , and daewon broadcasting , and it is involved in comic publishing , animation production , video gaming , character licensing , tv animation broadcasting , and animation importing/exporting . its current chair and co-ceo is wook jung , and its president and co-ceo is hyeon-dong ahn .
novoroscement is a major producer of cement with its headquarters located in novorossiysk , russia . the companys full name is .
boulder electric vehicle was a manufacturer of electric-powered commercial vans and trucks based in lafayette , colorado . the company was producing four carb certified models : an electric delivery van , a 15-passenger shuttle , a service body and a flat bed . boulder electric vehicles ended production in september 2014 .
fryette amplification of north hollywood , california is a manufacturer of high-quality hand built electric guitar amplifiers , speaker cabinets , power amplifiers , sound effects pedals and pedalboard accessories . the company was founded as vht amplification in studio city , los angeles , california by steven fryette in january 1989 and was the first to produce a true three-channel vacuum tube amplifier .
contargo gmbh & co. kg is an internationally active logistics service provider performing trimodal transport between the seaports and the european hinterland and providing all auxiliary services , such as empty container depots and repairs . contargo transports approximately 2,3 million teu annually in its network along the rhine and its main tributaries up to switzerland .
n8 identity is an identity and access management provider headquartered in ontario , canada . it sells identity and access orchestration through the lifecycle of a user within an organization : onboarding , change in responsibility , ad hoc self-service and offboarding .
laredo petroleum , inc. is a petroleum and natural gas exploration and production company organized in delaware and headquartered in tulsa , oklahoma . as of december 31 , 2017 , affiliates of warburg pincus owned 32.0 % of the company .
firmex is a cloud-based virtual data room service provider headquartered in toronto , ontario , canada . virtual data rooms facilitate secure document sharing across corporate firewalls . they are used for highly confidential or complex transactions seen with m & a , corporate finance , and procurement , as well as regulatory compliance and governance processes .
hifx is a uk-based foreign exchange broker and payments provider that has been owned by euronet worldwide since 2014 . the company provides foreign exchange and international money transfer services to individuals and corporate customers . one of its specialist areas is in providing money transfer services for overseas property purchase and emigration .
proteak is a forestry company that cultivates teak trees on plantations located on reclaimed ranch lands in the dry tropical regions of mexico and latin america . based out of mexico city , mexico , proteak has satellite offices in wimberley , texas and tepic , mexico . at their manufacturing facilities , proteak produces a range of teak products including : cutting boards , butcher blocks , decking , flooring and lumber .
the area gas boards were created after the passing of the gas act 1948 by clement attlees post-war labour government in the united kingdom .
cummins inc. is an american fortune 500 corporation that designs , manufactures , and distributes engines , filtration , and power generation products . cummins also services engines and related equipment , including fuel systems , controls , air handling , filtration , emission control and electrical power generation systems .
hkt limited and hkt trust is a pair of listed corporations of hong kong , which the two corporations were bundled as one single stapled security . hkt , via its subsidiaries , is one of the largest telecommunications company of hong kong . it was commonly known as hong kong telecom and had a dominant position in fixed-line , mobile , idd and broadband services in hong kong . hkt group is a subsidiary of pccw since 2000 .
express dairies is a former brand of dairy crest , that specialised almost entirely in home deliveries of milk and other dairy products .
le beck international is a middle east-based security and risk management consultancy .
xs software jsco is a bulgarian worldwide producer , developer and publisher of browser-based multiplayer online games with more than 40 million registered and 4 000 000 daily active players . currently , xs software operates in upwards of 70 countries worldwide , managing more than 100 employees . xs software headquarters is located in sofia , bulgaria .
natureworks llc is an international company that manufactures bioplasticspolymers derived entirely from plant resourcesas an alternative to conventional plastic , which is made from petroleum . the commercial quality polymer is made from the carbon found in simple plant sugars such as corn starch to create a proprietary polylactic acid polymer which is marketed under the brand name ingeo .
wanderu is a ground travel metasearch engine and fare aggregator that operates throughout north america and europe . it partners with bus and train operators to provide a one-stop search and booking platform through its website and mobile app . wanderu is headquartered in boston , massachusetts . the company was founded in 2012 by ceo polina raygorodskaya and coo igor bratnikov .
filmrise is a film acquisition and distribution company headed by producer/financiers danny fisher , jack fisher , and alan klingenstein . danny and jack fisher were the founders of the film and television company city lights media . alan klingenstein was formerly head of filbert steps productions .
banca tercas is an italian bank based in teramo , abruzzo . on 1 january 2011 the bank purchased banca caripe from banco popolare , which the bank group also referred as tercas caripe . however the bank was acquired by banca popolare di bari in 2014 , which in turn the bank became part of the bp bari group .
secret escapes is a members-only british travel company selling heavily discounted luxury hotel stays and trips through its website and mobile app . secret escapes operates in belgium , denmark , germany , italy , netherlands , norway , romania , spain , sweden , united kingdom and the united states .
novarama technology is a spanish video game developer based in barcelona , catalonia , spain . it is a first party external developer for sony computer entertainment , and notable for its invizimals video game series .
angel.com incorporated was an american telecommunications company supplying interactive voice response , call center technology , and voice applications to businesses over the internet using the software as a service model . angel was acquired in 2013 by genesys and rebranded as genesys cloud .
mouawad is a privately held swiss and emirati luxury goods company that makes fashion accessories , jewelry and retail company that sources diamonds and gemstones , designs , manufacturers , and sells jewelry collections , objects of art , and luxury watches . the firm has headquarters in geneva , switzerland , with a middle east headquarters at jumeirah lakes towers in dubai .
reel fx is an american digital studio based in dallas , texas and santa monica , california . the studio develops and produces award-winning animated films , short form content and virtual reality experiences . its first animated feature film , free birds , was released in 2013 and grossed over $ 110 million worldwide .
commander australia is an australian telecommunications company owned by m2 group since 2009 .
wrist-band . com is an american technology company that manufacturers and retails silicone wristbands online . the company was founded by zishan momin and azim makanojiya who was included on inc. magazines list of the top 10 south asian entrepreneurs in 2011 . the company and its ceo , azim makanojiya , pleaded guilty to price-fixing under the sherman act and agreed to pay a $ 1.9 million fine . azim makanojiya may face a personal fine and/or up to 1 year in prison if convicted .
banca popolare di milano s.p.a. known as bipiemme or just bpm is an italian bank based in milan , lombardy . the bank is a subsidiary of banco bpm since 1 january 2017 . in 2016 it was announced that bpm would be merged with banco popolare , which bpm would be dismantled , by dividing the businesses and assets between the new holding company banco bpm and a new subsidiary that also called banca popolare di milano .
nimsoft was an independent company software vendor that offered information technology monitoring and service desk products and services . it was acquired by ca inc. in 2010 , and since october 2012 its products were integrated into that business . the nimsoft brand is still used by ca.nimsoft products monitor and manage business services and specific systems within the it infrastructure , including network components , servers , databases , applications , and virtualized environments .
xmos is a fabless semiconductor company that develops voice solutions , audio products , and multicore microcontrollers capable of concurrently executing real-time tasks , dsp , and control flow . xmos microcontrollers are distinguished by their deterministic behavior .
the house of worth was a french house of high fashion that specialized in haute couture , ready-to-wear clothes , and perfumes . the historic house was founded in 1858 by designer charles frederick worth . it continued to operate under his descendants until 1952 but finally closed in 1956 . the house of worth brand was revived in 1999 .
eiq energy , inc. is a venture-backed silicon valley startup that designs and manufactures power electronics for solar photovoltaic systems . the companys parallel solar technology , built around the vboost dc converter module , is intended to reduce overall system costs and enable a true parallel architecture , benefiting system designers , installers and operators . eiq energy was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in san jose , california .
quarry is a privately held marketing communications and advertising agency headquartered in st. jacobs , ontario , canada . quarry employs approximately 100 people in its headquarters and its locations in durham , north carolina and san jose , california , usa.quarry was an early adopter and is a leading practitioner of integrated marketing communications .
ecircle was an email marketing and digital marketing provider headquartered in munich , germany . the company provided software as a service for email , mobile and social media marketing and opt-in email and lead generation media services . buyers of the software and advertising products range from corporate marketing departments over to media and advertising agencies .
formula systems is a publicly traded holding company headquartered in or yehuda , israel . through its subsidiaries it operates mainly in the area of information technology . shares of formula systems are traded on the nasdaq global select market and on the tel aviv stock exchange . in 2010 polish software maker asseco acquired a 50.2 % stake in the company .
livingston international is a north american provider of customs brokerage services . livingston international provides customs brokerage , trade consulting and international freight forwarding services to importers and exporters throughout north america and around the globe .
skywest , inc. is the holding company for two scheduled passenger airline operations , skywest airlines and expressjet , and an aircraft leasing company and is headquartered in st. george , utah , usa .
metro retail stores group inc. is a retail company based in mandaue , cebu , philippines . according to a 2014 report by euromonitor , metro is the largest operator of department stores and hypermarkets in the visayas region , as well as the second largest supermarket operator according to retail sales value .
sunbeam products is an american brand that has produced electric home appliances since 1910 . its products have included the mixmaster mixer , the sunbeam cg waffle iron , coffeemaster and the fully automatic t20 toaster . the company has endured a long history of struggles , including , in 2001 , when it filed for bankruptcy and was also found to have committed massive accounting fraud , for which it was subject to sec investigation .
coradiant provides web application performance management products which enable organizations to better manage and troubleshoot web applications . bmc software , inc acquired coradiant on 28 april 2011 for $ 130 million in cash .
tabula was an american fabless semiconductor company based in santa clara , california . founded in 2003 by steve teig , it raised $ 215 million in venture funding . the company designed and built three dimensional field programmable gate arrays and ranked third on the wall street journals annual next big thing list in 2012 .
radio veritas asia is the non-commercial catholic shortwave station broadcasting to asia . it is based in quezon city , philippines , and is owned by the philippine radio educational and information center , which previously owned the original radio veritas from 1969 to 1991 . its urdu service started its broadcast on august 14 , 1987 in lahore , pakistan .
splash media group llc is a global digital marketing agency based in addison , texas , that provides comprehensive social media services to clients in 22 countries and in 17 languages .
hys enterprise an international software house with headquarters in the netherlands and a development center in odessa , ukraine . the company is in the top 10 largest it companies in the south region of ukraine . companys portfolio - it outsourcing projects , the epicflow software a web application for managing multi-projects , game development . the company follows scrum methodology .
trimble inc. , headquartered in sunnyvale , california , makes global positioning system receivers , laser rangefinders , unmanned aerial vehicles , inertial navigation systems and a variety of software processing tools . by the end of 2016 , the company had 8388 employees , with more than half of employees in locations outside the united states .
the harry needle railroad company is a railway spot-hire company , based at barrow hill engine shed in derbyshire . prior to 2010 the company also recovered valuable spares from scrapped railway vehicles , either on the vehicle owners site , or at the european metal recycling scrapyard in kingsbury .
myanma oil and gas enterprise is a national oil and gas company of myanmar . it was established in 1963 .
investors bank is a publicly traded , full-service bank that is based in short hills , new jersey , usa . the bank operates over 150 branches across new jersey and new york .
national tire and battery is an american brand of auto service centers . it was formerly owned by sears until it was spun off in 2003 .
blue marble biomaterials , founded in 2007 , is a u.s.-based company which utilizes hybridized bacterial consortia to produce specialty biochemicals and renewable biogas . the companys mission is to provide sustainable , drop-in replacement chemicals and solutions to targeted upstream and downstream stakeholders . they develop and generate these biochemicals from diverse , non-virgin cellulosic biomass streams .
apptix is an application service provider technology company providing hosted business services . apptix serves businesses customers in highly regulated industries such as healthcare . apptixs services include microsoft exchange email , voip phone service , microsoft sharepoint collaboration services , web conferencing/secure im , email encryption , mobile device management and messaging , active directory management , and archiving and backup services .
steve jackson games is a game company , founded in 1980 by steve jackson , that creates and publishes role-playing , board , and card games , and the gaming magazine pyramid .
siebe plc became the name of the new conglomerate formed when siebe gorman began taking over other firms in the early 1970s , to distinguish it from siebe gormans original breathing apparatus and diving gear core business . siebe plc was once one of the united kingdoms largest engineering businesses and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index . in 1999 it merged with btr plc to form invensys .
first act is a manufacturer of musical instruments and musical learning toys , which has produced guitars , bass guitars , guitar and bass accessories , drum sets , percussion instruments , and amplifiers . mark izen founded the company in 1995 its online presence first appeared early in 2000 . based officially in boston , massachusetts , at its peak first act maintained offices in bentonville , hong kong , and shenzhen , and a custom shop luthiery in somerville , massachusetts .
essar global fund limited is an indian conglomerate group based in mumbai , india . the fund is a global investor , controlling a number of assets diversified across the core sectors of energy , metals & mining , infrastructure and services . essar began as a construction company in 1969 and diversified into manufacturing , services and retail .
trilogy international partners , llc is a public american wireless telecommunications company based in bellevue , washington . it is listed on the toronto stock exchange . trilogy operates through its international partially-owned subsidiaries 2degrees in new zealand and nuevatel in bolivia .
lundxy global ventures is an angel investment and startup catalyst headquartered in copenhagen , denmark , founded by serial entrepreneur morten lund in 2007 . lund is the seed investor behind skype , sold to online auction company ebay for us $ 2.6 bn in september 2005 , and latterly zyb , the danish social networking site sold to vodafone europe bv for $ 49m in june 2008 . by 2013 parts of the operation had been superseded by lunds new onlyxo network .
the zvezda shipyard is a large shipbuilding and engineering complex in the town of bolshoy kamen in the russian far east , owned by united shipbuilding corporation . current work includes ships for rosneft and gazprom .
onroak automotive is a french company which designs , manufacturers , and sells racing cars , specifically sports prototypes for various international series . onroak was founded in 2012 by jacques nicolet who split the design , manufacturing , and sales divisions of his oak racing team into an independent company . onroak has since formed an agreement with philippe ligier to develop new cars under the ligier title .
reaction engines limited is a british aerospace manufacturer based in oxfordshire , england .
infrared integrated systems ltd , generally called irisys , is a privately held technology and engineering company based near northampton in the united kingdom that manufacturers thermal imaging , people counting technologies and real time grocery queue management solutions . the company was awarded the queens award for enterprise , the highest official award for british businesses in 2011 and 2012 .
atala t is a web portal and internet service provider .
elbit imaging ltd. , formerly elbit medical imaging ltd. , is an israeli holding company with activities in real estate , medical imaging , hotels , shopping malls , and retail .
nue agency is a creative music agency located in new york city . nue sits at the center of music , brands and technology , transforming the music business through its approach to talent development , deal-making , and brand building . in 2013 they were named to inc mags 500 list as the 3rd fastest growing media company .
3i group plc is a multinational private equity and venture capital company based in london , united kingdom . 3i is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
the singapore international foundation is a not-for-profit organisation established on august 1 , 1991 .
tengen was an american video game publisher and developer that was created by the arcade game manufacturer atari games and focused on computer and console games .
the drogheda steam packet company was founded in 1826 as the drogheda paddle steamship co. it provided shipping services between drogheda and liverpool from 1825 to 1902 , in which year it was taken over by the lancashire and yorkshire railway .
112 db is a music software company whose products are mainly aimed at electronic musicians .
nobeltel , llc is a wholesale telecom carrier division founded in 2003 by thomas knobel , a young entrepreneur from switzerland . nobeltel operates a tdm/voip network and supplies minutes to international carriers , thus being the underlying carrier for several online phone card sites owned by nobel . the division also buys and sells routes throughout the world . currently nobeltels interconnection network consists of over 400 active carrier interconnections and continues to expand .
vodafone hungary , member of the vodafone group is a mobile telephone company in hungary . it started to operate in 1999 after securing the third gsm 900/1800 mhz license of the country and it was the first provider operating in the dcs-1800 band in hungary . vodafone is the third largest mobile network operator of the country , and controlling 22,84 % of the market as of june 2012 .
pasaieru vilciens is the only passenger-carrying railway company in latvia , operating both electric and diesel trains on various lines throughout the country . it was formed in november 2001 by bringing together two separate companies , ppu elektrovilciens and ppu dzevilciens , under one name , creating the first subsidiary of latvian railways .
truvo is a belgian company specialising in local search and advertising . its products include yellow pages websites and print directories .
optus television is the cable television division of australian telecommunications company optus .
maveron is a venture capital firm with offices in seattle and san francisco that invests in consumer-only businesses centered on technology-enabled products and services in commerce , education , and health and wellness . the firm was co-founded by dan levitan , a former managing director at schroder wertheim & co. , and starbucks ceo howard schultz .
st. stans brewery is a microbrewery in modesto , the san joaquin valley , california . the company was established in 1984 . it was regarded as a high quality beer . in 2017 , st. stans reopened in downtown modesto , with a taproom as well as offsite brewing of craft beers by their original brewmaster of 25 years , bill coffey , brewing original favorites such as red sky ale , whistlestop pale ale , amber and even the highly potent barley wine , in addition to plans for some new styles .
the bristol general steam navigation company provided shipping services between bristol and ports in southern ireland , principally cork from 1821 to 1980 . there were also services to other destinations including ports in southern england , south wales and france .
bunnpris is a norwegian retail chain with 216 grocery stores in 2011 in norway , primarily in sr-trndelag , mre og romsdal and oslo , but also many in northern norway . the stores are managed by i. k. lykke run by the fifth generation lykke .
savage entertainment was a video game developer founded in 1997 by tim morten and chacko sonny .
southern illinois university press or siu press , founded in 1956 , is a university press located in carbondale , illinois , owned and operated by southern illinois university . the press publishes approximately 50 titles annually , among its more than 1,200 titles currently in print . southern illinois university press is a member of the association of american university presses .
sky-mobi limited is a mobile applications company based in hangzhou , china . it is chinas largest mobile application store by sales . the company was set up on april 20 , 2007 prior to 2010 , it was named profit star limited . sky-mobi was funded by the us-based sequoia capital , and provides mobile applications and services through its mobile application platform .
winco foods , inc. is a privately held , majority employee-owned american supermarket chain based in boise , idaho with retail stores in arizona , california , idaho , nevada , oklahoma , oregon , texas , utah , and washington . it previously operated stores as waremart food centers and cub foods until 1999 . currently winco foods has started to reestablish waremart foods as of 2017 . it has 120 retail stores and five distribution centers with over 15,000 employees .
frys electronics is an american big-box store and retailer of software , consumer electronics , household appliances and computer hardware . frys has in-store computer repair and custom computer building services . the company has a chain of superstores headquartered in silicon valley . starting with one store located in sunnyvale , california , the chain posted sales of $ 2.4 billion and operated 34 stores in nine states by 2008 .
dragon oil plc is an independent international oil and gas exploration , development and production business . it is based in dubai and was listed on the irish stock exchange until it was acquired by the emirates national oil company .
aegean speed lines is a greek ferry company operating fast ferries between piraeus and the cyclades .
martela is a finnish company supplying furniture and interior solutions . in 2013 , martela groups turnover was eur 132,3 million and it employed an average of 770 employees . martela is the largest company in its sector in finland and one of the three largest in the nordic countries . martela also offers a wider range of services that support the maintenance and modification of interior solutions than anyone else .
ditto music is an online music distribution company . it distributes music to 160 digital music stores , including itunes , google play , amazon , vevo , emusic , spotify , beatport , rhapsody .
the cbh group , is a grain growers cooperative that handles , markets and processes grain from the wheatbelt of western australia .
universal pictures home entertainment is the home video distribution division of american film studio universal pictures , owned by the universal filmed entertainment group division of nbcuniversal , owned by comcast .
spetstyazhavtotrns is a russian company specializing in the shipment of oversized cargo . the group of companies provides engineering services to the oil , gas , chemical , energy and other industries .
ht media is an indian mass media company based in delhi , india . it has holdings in print , electronic and digital media . it also operates 19 printing facilities across india with an installed capacity of 1.5 million copies per hour . hts online business , is largely handled by firefly e-ventures internet business , include the flagship web portal hindustantimes.com , livemint.com , desimartini.com , htcampus.com and shine.com .
the gomaco trolley company is a manufacturer of vintage-style streetcars , located in ida grove , iowa , united states . the company has supplied replica-vintage streetcars to several transit systems in the usa , and has also restored and rebuilt authentic vintage streetcars for some systems .
talpa network is the company in which john de mol jr. has transferred all of its media activities . besides john de mol , who as majority shareholder owns 80 % of the company , rabo participaties owns a 20 % stake in the media company . the holding company has amongst the 538 group with radio station radio 538 . talpa media , formerly part of talpa holding , has been sold to itv plc and is a separate business unit within itv studios .
jb hi-fi is an australian and new zealand retailer of consumer goods , specialising in video games , ultra hd blu-rays , blu-rays , dvds , cds , electronics/hardware , electrical home appliances , mobile phones and a number of telstra services . the company has its head office at chadstone shopping centre in melbourne . there are 112 stores combining vic , nsw , act & tas .
btu international , inc. was set up in 1950 and now is based in north billerica , massachusetts . the company focuses on thermal processing equipment for alternative energy and electronics , such as semiconductor packaging , solar cell manufacturing , printed circuit board assembly , and nuclear fuel processing . the company completes its assembly , systems integration and testing at the facilities in north billerica , massachusetts and shanghai , china .
the arabian gulf oil company is an oil company based in benghazi , libya , engaged in crude oil and natural gas exploration , production and refining . it was a subsidiary of the state-owned national oil corporation .
allergan , inc. was an american global pharmaceutical company focused on eye care , neurosciences , medical dermatology , medical aesthetics , breast enhancement , obesity intervention and urologics . allergan , inc. was formed in 1948 , incorporated in 1950 and became a public company in 1970 . it ceased operation in 2015 .
manx airlines was an english-owned , isle of man-based airline which existed between 1982 and 2002 . its head office was located on the grounds of isle of man airport in ballasalla , malew . an airline of the same name had existed between 1947 and 1958 .
flensburger schiffbau-gesellschaft is a german shipbuilding company located in flensburg . the company trades as flensburger and is commonly abbreviated fsg .
thg sports provides sports ticketing services and corporate hospitality programmes at sporting events around the world it has 69 offices globally and has around 3,000 employees who provide access to over 350 major events each year . it focuses primarily on : soccer , rugby , american football , athletics , horse racing , formula one motor racing and tennis .
domino foods , inc. is a us company owned by american sugar refining inc. that markets sugar to the general public under the brand names domino , c & h , florida crystals , and redpath . of these four , the domino sugar brand name , whose products are generally sold in two-tone packaging with blue labeling text , is the best known .
funcom oslo as is a norwegian video game developer specializing in online games . it is best known for the massively multiplayer online role-playing game titles age of conan , anarchy online , the secret world and the longest journey series of adventure games . the company has offices in oslo , norway and north carolina , us . they previously also had offices in beijing , dublin and montreal .
a-rosa flussschiff is a cruise line based in rostock , germany , which operates river cruises in germany .
cadac holdings limited are a manufacturer of sound mixing desks for live music productions , theatres , recording and broadcast . cadac desks presently are most famous for large scale musicals such as phantom of the opera , the lion king , mamma mia ! .
prism tv is an american iptv service that is owned by centurylink . it is based on the same technology as the u-verse service deployed by at & t.
the union metallic cartridge company was an early manufacturer of cartridge ammunition for small arms . the company was founded in 1867 during the most rapid evolution of cartridge design to date . following merger with remington arms in 1912 , the company manufacturing complex in bridgeport , connecticut became a major arms supplier during world war i. the factory was remington headquarters until 1984 and the source of sporting and police ammunition headstamped rem-umc until 1970 .
miss maud is a hospitality group based in perth , western australia , and as at 2015 comprised a 52-room boutique hotel , restaurant , sixteen pastry houses and a catering service .
state farm is a large group of insurance and financial services companies throughout the united states with corporate headquarters in bloomington , illinois . the groups main business is state farm mutual automobile insurance company , a mutual insurance firm that also owns the other state farm companies .
tiphook plc was a united kingdom headquartered transport services company , registered on the london and new york stock markets , which became the worlds second largest marine container leasing business in the 1990s . the company was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
bbc music is an umbrella title used by the bbc to collect together its music output . officially it is a part of the bbcs radio operational division and is directly responsible to helen boaden however , its remit also includes music used in television and online services .
factory records was a manchester-based british independent record label , started in 1978 by tony wilson and alan erasmus , which featured several prominent musical acts on its roster such as joy division , new order , a certain ratio , the durutti column , happy mondays , northside , and orchestral manoeuvres in the dark and james .
autodata limited is a british multinational that specialises in automotive data and software . autodata provides automotive technical information to professionally service , maintain , and repair cars , light commercial vehicles , and motorcycles . its best known for providing the automotive aftermarket with oe manufacturer data and has its own apis which other companies integrate to build bespoke consumer and business automotive solutions .
balfour beatty construction , is a commercial construction company , headquartered in dallas , texas , with full service offices in the united states . balfour beatty constructions parent company is balfour beatty in london .
wielton sa is a polish manufacturer of tippers and tautliners for traction units . the company is the third biggest producer of semi-trailers in europe and market leader in several countries of central - and eastern europe as well as central asia .
banco de crdito e inversiones is a chilean bank specializing in savings & deposits , securities brokerage , asset management and insurance . bci was the latin american partner for bear stearns . bci was formed by the yarur family .
the centre spatial universitaire montpellier-nmes is a division of the university of montpellier . its purpose is to educate students in space sciences through the design , production and testing of nanosatellites . the csu was created to consolidate nanosatellite activities that were initiated in 2006 by the radiac team of the institut delectronique et des systmes , a research institute also affiliated with the university .
tanduay is a brand of rum produced in the philippines by tanduay distillers , inc. , a diversified beverage company owned by lt group , inc. .
sea ray is a company who produces a same-named brand of pleasure boats . the company currently operates as part of the brunswick boat group , a division of the brunswick corporation .
derbyshire building society was a uk building society based in duffield , derbyshire in the east midlands of england . it was the 9th largest building society in the united kingdom based on total assets of 7.1 billion at 31 december 2007 , until it was acquired by nationwide building society on 1 december 2008 . it operated as a trading division of the society , with 50 branches , until it was fully integrated into its parent in november 2014 .
danske bank is a danish bank whose name also literally translates into danish bank . it was founded 5 october 1871 as den danske landmandsbank , hypothek - og vexelbank i kjbenhavn . headquartered in copenhagen , it is the largest bank in denmark and a major retail bank in the northern european region with over 5 million retail customers . danske bank was number 454 on the fortune global 500 list for 2011 .
skellington productions was a company that was a joint venture between walt disney feature animation and directors henry selick and tim burton . the company specialized in stop motion animation and made use of the art in its two films .
parsons marine steam turbine company was a british engineering company based in wallsend , north east england , on the river tyne .
industrial alliance is a canadian insurance company with a diversified business ranging from wealth management to group pensions . it is a major player in the canadian market where it serves three million people across the country and ranks fourth among insurance companies however , the company has recently begun focusing on increasing its presence in the us market where it sees an opportunity for growth .
the assam sahitya sabha is a non government , non profit , literary organisation of assam . it was founded in december , 1917 in assam , india to promote the culture of assam and assamese literature . presently it has about one thousand branches all over assam and also outside the state . the central office is at jorhat , a city of historical importance . the branches and the district units also have their offices in their respective places .
purism is a computer technology company based in south san francisco , california and registered as a social purpose corporation in the state of washington . purism manufactures the librem personal computing devices with a focus on software freedom , computer security and internet privacy .
the minhas craft brewery is located in monroe , wisconsin , owned by brother and sister , ravinder and manjit minhas . it is the midwests oldest brewery and the second oldest in the united states . it survived the great depression , prohibition and a fire . it is currently the 13th largest craft brewery in america .
ahnlab , inc. , founded in 1995 , is a security software provider in south korea . ahnlab sells computer software such as antivirus software , online security , network security appliances such as advanced threat detection & remediation , including apt type of cyber attack , firewalls , ips , utm , and security software for online games and the mobile web .
beard miller company llp , a legacy firm of parentebeard llc , was an accounting and auditing firm serving clients mainly in the mid-atlantic region of the united states . the firm was created through a series of mergers , the largest occurring in january 2001 between beard & company and miller & company . prior to merging with parente randolph in october 2009 , bmc had 16 offices located in pennsylvania , maryland , new jersey and new york , and more than 600 employees .
browns chicken & pasta , also known simply as browns chicken , is a chain of fast food restaurants specializing in fried chicken . it is based in the chicago metropolitan area .
watties or heinz watties limited is an american-owned food producer of frozen and packaged fruit , vegetables , sauces , baby food , cooking sauces , dressings and pet foods in the new zealand market .
innogames gmbh is a german video game developer based in hamburg . founded in 2007 , it focuses on the development of browser and mobile games . the company now has more than 200 million registered players and by 2017 , it reached a revenue of 161.5 million .
accident advice helpline is part of the uks largest personal injury specialist law firm located in watford , hertfordshire . they specialise in providing information and access to personal injury solicitors under the terms of the conditional fee agreement , colloquially known as no win no fee in the uk . it provides telephone helpline support as well as text and online support .
derry , is the second-largest city in northern ireland and the fourth-largest city on the island of ireland . the name derry is an anglicisation of the old irish name daire meaning oak grove . in 1613 , the city was granted a royal charter by king james i and gained the london prefix to reflect the funding of its construction by the london guilds .
usersnap is an austrian web application company based in linz , austria . the company is best known for its visual bug tracking and feedback tool , which is employed by web developers , web designers , and customer care managers .
royal caribbean cruises ltd. is an american global cruise company incorporated in liberia and based in miami , florida . it is the worlds second-largest cruise line operator , after carnival corporation & plc. as of march 2009 , royal caribbean cruises ltd. fully owns three cruise lines : royal caribbean international , celebrity cruises , and azamara club cruises . they also hold a 50 % stake in tui cruises and 49 % stakes in pullmantur cruises and cdf croisires de france .
dynamic signal is a technology company , offering a mobile-first company communications platform , based in san bruno , california . russ fradin , steve heyman and jim larrison founded the company in 2010 . fradin is the ceo of dynamic signal .
mido sa is a swiss watchmaking company founded in 1918 .
commscope inc. , which opened in 1976 , is a multi-national network infrastructure provider company based in hickory , north carolina , united states . commscope is a 1997 spin-off of general instrument and has over 20,000 employees worldwide , with customers in over 130 countries . commscope manufactures systimax and uniprise brands of enterprise infrastructure of copper unshielded twisted pair cabling , connector panels , jacks and fiber optic cabling , connector panels , racking and metals .
sgs -RRB- is a multinational company headquartered in geneva , switzerland which provides inspection , verification , testing and certification services . it has more than 95,000 employees and operates over 2,400 offices and laboratories worldwide .
american cruise lines , inc. is a small-ship cruise line with its headquarters in guilford , connecticut , united states . the line operates six small ships along the eastern seaboard and western seaboard as well as the mississippi-ohio and columbia-snake river systems of the united states .
justins is an american brand of natural and organic nut butters and peanut butter cups . the boulder-based company manufactures and markets jars and single-serve squeeze packs of nut butter , along with various kinds of organic peanut butter cups . justins peanut butter cups are usda-certified organic and use rainforest alliance certified cocoa . both the peanut butter cups and nut butters are distributed through stores such as whole foods market , starbucks , and target in the united states .
jewson is one of the largest chains of british general builders merchants , selling to small and medium building contractors , as well as to the general public . the chain comprises over 600 branches located all across the united kingdom . jewson , as part of the meyer group , was acquired by the french conglomerate saint-gobain in april 2000 .
the o.w. timm aircraft company was an american aircraft manufacturer founded by otto william timm , based in los angeles , california .
flutura decision sciences and analytics is an industrial internet of things company that focuses on machine to machine and big data analytics serving clients from manufacturing , energy and engineering industries . its main offices are located in palo alto , california and has its development centre in bengaluru , india .
infineon technologies ag is a german semiconductor manufacturer founded on 1 april 1999 , when the semiconductor operations of the parent company siemens ag were spun off to form a separate legal entity . as of 30 september 2016 , infineon had 36,299 employees worldwide . in fiscal year 2016 , the company achieved sales of 6.473 billion .
web technology group is a technology consultancy and solutions provider to the uk public sector , specialising in the design , build and management of secure , high value and complex web applications , based in london , uk .
ensign manufacturing company , founded as ensign car works in 1872 , was a railroad car manufacturing company based in huntington , west virginia . in the 1880s and 1890s ensigns production of wood freight cars made the company one of the three largest sawmill operators in cabell county . in 1899 , ensign and twelve other companies were merged to form american car and foundry company .
orval brewery is a belgian trappist brewery located within the walls of the abbaye notre-dame dorval in the gaume region of belgium . the brewery produces two trappist beers , orval and petite orval .
tagum cooperative is one of the largest cooperatives in mindanao as it is classified by the cooperative development authority of the philippines as a large cooperative . it is composed of over 117 , 000 members as of june 2015 coming from tagum city , davao del norte and towns and cities throughout region xi and in caraga region .
the philippine american life and general insurance company is an insurance company based in the philippines . it is currently the largest life insurance company in the philippines in terms of assets , net worth , investment and paid-up capital .
the first somali bank is a bank headquartered in mogadishu , somalia .
red funnel , formally the southampton isle of wight and south of england royal mail steam packet company limited , is a ferry company that carries passengers , vehicles and freight on routes between the english mainland and the isle of wight . high-speed foot passenger catamarans , known as red jets , run between southampton and cowes , while vehicle ferries run between southampton and east cowes .
stash hotel rewards is an american company that produces a loyalty rewards program for a network of nearly 200 independent hotels in the united states , panama , and the caribbean . the membership is free to join , and guests are given 5 points for every dollar spent at hotels in the network . it is the largest points-based loyalty reward program for independent hotels in north america . the company was founded in 2010 and is based in palo alto , california .
based in heilbronn , about 60 km north of stuttgart , campina gmbh is a leading german dairy and subsidiary of the dutch dairy cooperative frieslandcampina . the company was formed in 1996 after the stuttgart-based sdmilch ag was renamed .
elephant games is a casual game developing company founded in 2003 in yoshkar-ola , russia . there are also divisions in cheboksary , penza , samara , kazan . elephant games currently produces games for pc , mac , ipad , iphone and android . most of the companys projects are published on big fish games .
dmm.com ltd is a japan-based electronic commerce and internet company with a diversified group of businesses that includes online shopping and video on demand service . the company manages dmm.com , an online entertainment site that allows users to purchase goods and services like e-books , games , mainstream dvd releases , and 3d printing . its subsidiary dmm.com securities is the worlds second largest forex company in terms of trading volume .
activerobotsactive robots is a company which sells robotics kits , components , accessories and parts .
phils bbq is a barbeque restaurant that was founded by phil pace . in 1998 , he opened it in the mission hills in san diego , california and other areas . it has received positive reception both in terms of its reviews as well as its success . it was featured on the shows adam richmans best sandwich in america and man v. food . it is the second most commonly reviewed business in the united states on yelp for 2013 .
passmorelab is a san diego-based stereoscopic 3d film studio that specializes in conversion of 2d films to 3d format , native 3d film productions , and 3d film distribution .
this article is about the retail chain . for the professional wrestling tag team , see the briscoe brothersbriscoe group is a new zealand retail chain . it has 90 stores throughout new zealand trading under the briscoes homeware , living & giving , and rebel sport nameplates .
daejan holdings is a british-based property business , part of the freshwater group of companies . it has its headquarters at freshwater house in london and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
janspeed technologies ltd is an automotive performance tuning company , specialising in exhaust systems . the company was founded in 1962 by jnos dor . with a workforce of 74 employees , janspeed works closely with many luxury and performance car makers including aston martin , lotus and bentley . as well as customer products , janspeed has also been a race car preparation business , which has among others , built works datsun and later nissan vehicles for the british touring car championship and dtm .
the lambert automobile company was a 300,000-square-foot automobile factory in anderson , indiana to make the lambert automobile through the buckeye manufacturing company .
william press group was a leading british engineering business which merged with leonard fairclough & son to become a ftse 100 company , amec .
pulse ~ link is a privately held fabless integrated circuit semiconductor corporation headquartered in carlsbad , california , located just north of san diego california , in the united states . pulse ~ link commercializes ultra-wideband technology , for both wireless and wired networks .
the trussed concrete steel company was a company founded by julius kahn , an engineer and inventor . the company manufactured prefabricated products for reinforced concrete beams and steel forms for building reinforced concrete floors and walls . kahn invented and patented a unique new technology reinforcement system of construction called the kahn system that was stronger , more economical , and lighter than the existing old school technology used up to that point to construct buildings .
gdiapers is a diaper company headquartered in portland , oregon that focuses on reducing the environmental impact of disposable diapers . the company sells a hybrid diaper , called a gdiaper , that is used with cloth inserts or disposable inserts that can be flushed or composted . an investigation by the federal trade commission in 2014 determined that gdiapers product claims of having green and eco-friendly baby products were deceptive and a form of false advertising .
the co-operative energy is a british energy supply company based in warwick that began trading in 2010 . it is an alternative to the big six energy suppliers and , given that its parent is midcounties co-operative , it is the only co-operative supplier in the market .
collaborative drug discovery is a software company founded in 2004 as a spin-out of eli lilly by barry bunin , phd . cdd offers a web-based database solution for managing drug discovery data , primarily around small molecules and associated bio-assay data .
bridges fund management ltd. . is a fund manager that specialises in sustainable and impact investing . it invests in business , properties and social sector organisations , with a focus on four impact themes : health and wellbeing , education and skills , sustainable living and under-served markets .
evolution entertainment is an american independent entertainment management and film production company . the company was founded in 1998 by mark burg and oren koules and is best known for producing the saw franchise .
commvault is a publicly traded data protection and information management software company headquartered in tinton falls , new jersey . it was formed in 1988 as a development group in bell labs , and later became a business unit of at & t network systems . it was incorporated in 1996 . commvault software assists organizations with data backup and recovery , cloud and infrastructure management , and retention and compliance .
healthpartners is an integrated , nonprofit health care provider and health insurance company located in bloomington , minnesota offering care , coverage , research and education to its members , patients and the community .
red mango fc , llc is a frozen yogurt and smoothie brand known for its all-natural frozen yogurt , fresh fruit smoothies , yogurt parfaits , and fresh juices . there are now more than 200 locations in over 25 states in the united states and 100 in mexico and central america . in 2011 , red mango was named the no. 1 zagat rated chain in america for smoothies and frozen yogurt .
cognician is a web-based , e-learning platform for personal development and organisational development produced by cognician software ltd. the company is located in cape town , south africa and san jose , california and was founded by brothers barry kayton and patrick kayton in 2010 .
aman resorts international is a luxury hotel group with 33 destinations in 21 countries . the word aman means peace , security , safety , shelter , protection in the sanskrit , hindi , punjabi , arabic , urdu and persian languages . vladislav doronin is the ceo , chairman and owner of aman resorts .
chief auto parts was a united states-based auto parts store chain that had stores located in the states of tennessee , texas , nevada , arizona , arkansas and california . chief was founded in 1955 in norwalk , california by vern johnson and lorin tuthill . the company grew to 119 stores when it was sold to southland in 1979 . after passing through several different during the next two decades , the company grew to over 500 stores before it was sold to autozone in 1998 .
vodafone italia s.p.a. is an italian telephony company , which has approximately 26,000,000 mobile customers with a market share of 29,5 % and 2,300,000 customers on fixed lines with a market share of 10,2 % . vodafone italia is a fully owned subsidiary of vodafone group plc .
black press group ltd. is a canadian publisher of prominent daily newspapers in hawaii and ohio , and numerous non-daily newspapers in alberta and british columbia , canada , and the u.s. state of washington . black press is headquartered in surrey , british columbia , and has regional offices in victoria , williams lake , and kelowna . the company is administered and majority owned by david holmes black .
mv transportation , inc. , based in dallas , texas. , is the largest private provider of paratransit services and the largest privately owned transportation contracting firm in the united states . the company employs more than 20,000 workers and operates more than 200 paratransit , fixed-route , shuttle and school transport contracts in 30 states and three canadian provinces .
thai rung is the only thai-based automobile manufacturer . the company , established in 1967 , began assembling isuzu , toyota , nissan and chevrolet vehicles . in addition to assembly , tru manufactures its own brand car , under the name thai rung , based on other small and medium truck platform . skd kits are currently being exported to china , north korea and iran , with plans for further exports to egypt , kenya and the philippines .
wayforward technologies , inc. is an american independent video game developer and publisher based in valencia , california . founded in 1990 by technology entrepreneur voldi way , wayforward started by developing games for consoles such as the super nes and genesis , as well as tv games and pc educational software . in 1997 , they relaunched their video games arm , placing the company as a contractor for publishers and working on a variety of licensed assets .
tvtel was a portuguese digital satellite and cable pay television service provider . the satellite service started on june 26 , 2007 , and it was on the eurobird 9 satellite , broadcasting fta and conax-encrypted channels for the entire europe . it was bought by zon multimdia in early 2009 and subsequently closed by it by merging its operations with zon in late 2009 .
scc is europes largest independent information technology services business , with over 2,500 customers in more than 50 countries . scc plans , supplies , integrates and manages it for leading public and private sector businesses across europe . the business operates from 75 locations in the uk , france , spain and romania .
orvis is a family-owned retail and mail-order business specializing in high-end fly fishing , hunting and sporting goods . founded in manchester , vermont , in 1856 by charles f. orvis to sell fishing tackle , it is the oldest mail-order retailer in the united states .
clements worldwide , originally clements & company and later clements international , is a global insurance company founded in 1947 and headquartered in washington , d.c. with offices in london and dubai . it provides international insurance to expatriates , international organizations , international schools , relief organizations , contractors and medical tourists . clients include contractors serving in iraq and afghanistan .
gradeslam is an educational technology company that powers personalized learning in schools . gradeslam was founded in 2014 by canadian businessman , politician and philanthropist philip a. cutler with the mission to democratize tutoring and make it affordable and accessible to all students . the service is currently available at over 150 schools .
graftgold was an independent computer game developer that came to prominence in the 1980s , producing numerous computer games on a variety of 8-bit , 16-bit and 32-bit platforms .
energiekontor is a german company specialized in the development and management of wind farms and solar parks . the main activities are concentrated in germany , portugal and in the united kingdom . the company sells developed facilities or takes the ownership . energiekontor manages external wind farms for clients as well .
the row is an american luxury fashion design house founded in 2006 by ashley olsen and mary-kate olsen . the name was inspired by savile row in london . part of the rows mission is to support high-end fashion manufacturing in the united states .
the compagnie anonyme de chtillon et commentry was a french steelmaking company , formed as a limited company in 1862 from the socit bouguret , martenot et cie. , a creation from the combination of several french iron makers in 1846 . in 1898 the company merged with the socit mtallurgique de champigneulles et neuves-maisons to form the socit des forges de chtillon-commentry-neuves-maisons . in 1979 the works became part of usinor , forming part of the unimetal division in 1984 .
witel is a publicly held global mobile phone company that provides unlimited telephone service via a wifi connection . the companys name is derived from the words wi-fi and telephone . . witel launched its global phone service in june 2009 , allowing any two people with its proprietary phone , the jetter , to make and receive calls free .
socket is a missouri-based telecommunications provider , with its headquarters in columbia , missouri . socket is a privately held company and offers local and long distance phone service , dsl and fiber-optic internet , and data solutions to residents and businesses across missouri .
fatty arbuckles american diners was an american-themed restaurant chain in the uk . the manchester-based business was founded by pete shotton an associate of the beatles in 1983 . it focused on large portions at cheap prices . the name refers to hollywood director and silent movie star roscoe fatty arbuckle .
permabit technology corporation was a private supplier of data reduction solutions to the computer data storage industry . on 31 july 2017 it was announced that red hat had acquired the assets and technology of permabit technology corporation .
xcor aerospace was an american private spaceflight and rocket engine development company based at the mojave air and space port in mojave , california , midland international air and spaceport in midland , texas and the amsterdam area , the netherlands . xcor was formed in 1999 by former members of the rotary rocket rocket engine development team , and ceased operations in 2017 . by 2015 , xcor was headed by ceo john jay gibson , who remained ceo until june 2017 .
covergirl is an american cosmetics brand founded in maryland , united states , by the noxzema chemical company and acquired by procter & gamble in 1989 and later acquired by coty , inc. in 2016 . the noxell company advertised this cosmetics line by allowing cover girls , fashion models , actresses , and singers who appear on the front cover of womens magazines , to wear its products . covergirl primarily provides a wide variety of consumer-grade cosmetics .
nexus audio recording studio is a recording studio located in east oakland , california . it was established in october 2004 by chris paxton , who presently owns , manages , and is the head engineer . the seven-room facility offers tracking , mixing and mastering for all audio projects , including musical genres as diverse as reggae and rock .
sanctum was the worlds first company to focus on application security . sanctum invented the application security space in the mid-90s with its firewall , appshield , and scanner , appscan , foreseeing the need for better application-layer security for web environments .
rih is a dutch bicycle manufacturer . the company is one of the last private bicycle builders in the netherlands . rih has its origins in three companies : rih sport in amsterdam , fongers from groningen and cov from limburg .
saracakis brothers group of companies is a major greek commercial and industrial group , for two decades a traditional competitor to biamax . two of the most talented greek vehicle engineers who had worked for biamax , a. rizos and i. dracoulis also worked for saracakis , dracoulis having designed the companys characteristic , recognizable logo .
visualant , incorporated develops a spectral matching technology using a patented chromaid approach . founded in 1998 , visualant is a public company based in seattle , washington . the chromaid technology shines led wavelengths or laser light onto a material and measures the intensity of the light that is reflected back . . the data collected can be used to determine what the material in question is by detecting slightest variations in the pattern of the materials reaction to the structured light .
acumed , llc is a privately owned medical device manufacturer based in hillsboro , oregon in the portland metropolitan area of the united states . founded in 1988 , the company employs nearly 500 people domestically and internationally who design , manufacture , and market orthopedic implants and surgical devices . the company is a subsidiary of colson associates , a spin-off of the marmon group , a berkshire hathaway company .
quebecor world inc. was a printing subsidiary of quebecor inc. based in montreal , quebec . it comprised a number of small and large print shops throughout the world . in 2010 , quebecor world was acquired by wisconsin-based quad/graphics .
victoria commercial bank is a private bank in kenya . it is licensed as a commercial bank , by the central bank of kenya , the central bank and national banking regulator .
mediacore was an educational technology company that was founded in june 2011 in victoria , british columbia , canada by stuart bowness and damien tanner . it aims to help educators capture , manage and share educational content to students , faculty and staff through its cloud hosted media platform . it was acquired by workday , inc. in 2015 .
new york , rio , and buenos aires line was an airline that operated seaplane service from new york city to rio de janeiro , buenos aires , and intermediate points on the east coast of south america during the 1920s . it was forced to merge into its competitor , pan american world airways , in 1930 .
celtic renewables ltd. is the first company to produce biofuel from the by-products of the scotch whisky industry . it has been estimated that annually the whisky industry produces 1600 million litres of pot ale and 500,000 tonnes of draff which has historically been used for animal feed . celtic renewables has utilised these resources and adapted the traditional weizmann fermentation process to produce biobutanol .
madbid is a gamified ecommerce and online auction website registered under marcandi ltd. in the united kingdom . founded in 2008 by juha koski , madhur srivastava and daniel rovira . the company operates in ten european countries including the uk , ireland , spain , france , and australia . skype founders venture capital firm atomico in 2010 invested over 4 million in funding for madbid .
tesaro is a public pharmaceutical company based in waltham , massachusetts . they focus on drug development for cancer .
spaceworks enterprises , inc. is an aerospace engineering company based in atlanta , georgia , united states that specializes in the design and assessment of advanced space concepts for both government and commercial customers .
akeneo is a french company created in 2013 in nantes by a franco-american team and based in nantes , boston and dsseldorf . akeneo is specialized in open source product information management , also known as pim . akeneo develops the software akeneo pim . available under the open source license 3.0 , the first public beta of akeneo pim was released in september 2013 .
toms international produces chocolate , liquorice and sugar confectionery in denmark , sweden and the united kingdom . toms employs 1,200 - 1,700 employees depending on season and annually produces 50,000 tons of chocolate and sugar confectionery .
brightbus was a bus operator in south yorkshire that traded from 1998 until 2017 .
orange county choppers is a motorcycle manufacturer and lifestyle brand company based in the town of newburgh , located in orange county , new york , that was founded in 1999 by paul teutul sr . , the company was featured on american chopper , a reality tv show that debuted in september 2002 on the discovery channel . the series moved to discovery channels sister channel tlc in 2007 .
yuganskneftegaz is a wholly integrated subsidiary of rosneft that owns and operates the second largest oil production complex in russia . it was formerly the most important production subsidiary of yukos , but was expropriated by the russian government and given to rosneft , a state-owned company .
kumagai gumi co. , ltd. is a japanese construction company founded in fukui , fukui prefecture , japan . the company still has registered headquarters in fukui , but the actual head office is located in shinjuku , tokyo .
mwm studios , formerly known as oddlot entertainment , is an american production company founded in 2001 by longtime producers gigi pritzker and deborah del prete , and is based in los angeles , california .
blue cross blue shield association is a federation of 36 separate united states health insurance organizations and companies , providing health insurance in the united states to more than 106 million people . blue cross was founded in 1929 and became the blue cross association in 1960 , while blue shield emerged in 1939 and the blue shield association was created in 1948 . the two organizations merged in 1982 .
sogo co. , ltd. is a department store chain that operates an extensive network of branches in japan . it once owned stores in locations as diverse as phnom penh in cambodia , beijing in mainland china , causeway bay in hong kong , taipei in taiwan , jakarta & surabaya in indonesia , kuala lumpur in malaysia , singapore , bangkok in thailand , london in united kingdom , but most of these international branches are now closed or operated by independent franchises .
banque havilland s.a. is a multinational family-owned private bank established in 2009 by the rowland family and headquartered in luxembourg . it provides services in private banking , wealth and asset management as well as fund services to private clients and institutions across the globe . it has 9 offices in financial service centers , including registered banks in luxembourg , switzerland , liechtenstein , monaco and bahamas .
crossbow technology , inc. was a california-based company with two distinct product lines . one was based on sensors and fibre optic gyroscope inertial sensor systems . this included inertial measurement units , attitude and heading reference systems , digital inclinometers and guidance , navigation and control units . the other was based on gps and radios using cellular phone technology with multiple environmental sensors that included asset tracking products .
united agricultural services laboratories , commonly referred to as uas laboratories , is a private biotechnology company headquartered in wausau , wisconsin , usa . it formulates and markets probiotics for both domestic and international markets . manufacturing is done at wausau , and the sales and marketing office is located in madison , wisconsin .
the goddard group is a themed entertainment integrator based in north hollywood , los angeles , california . the firm is led by its founder and chairman , gary goddard , who formed the company in 2002 after leaving his previous company , landmark entertainment group . the goddard group has created a number of entertainment projects in a variety of forms . these include : theme parks , resorts , casinos , retail malls , broadway shows , and films .
terapia s.a. is a romanian pharmaceutical company founded in 1920 . the company is headquartered in cluj-napoca , cluj , romania and has regional centers in moscow city , russian federation and kiev , ukraine . the company is part of the multinational corporation daiichi sankyo . terapia ranbaxy produces a wide range of medicines and drugs , mostly from the field of cardiovascular , antibiotics , cholesterol-lowering , beta-blockers and pain relief medicine .
hotel urbano is a brazilian online travel agency . it is the company in brazil that markets the largest number of lodging options on the internet , with a booking of over 9 million days since its inauguration .
takeda pharmaceutical company ltd is the largest pharmaceutical company in japan and asia and a top 15 pharmaceutical company in the world . the company has over 30,000 employees worldwide and achieved 16.2 billion usd in revenue during the 2012 fiscal year . the company is focused on metabolic disorders , gastroenterology , neurology , inflammation , as well as oncology through its independent subsidiary , takeda oncology .
the learning & performance institute -RRB- is a self-governing , not-for-profit professional body for training professionals . it was established in 1995 and since then has grown on an annual basis . in february 2010 the institute completed a management buyout from membership and research organisation , the national computing centre and is now a self-governing body .
the american liver foundation is a non-profit organization that promotes liver health and disease prevention . the mission of the alf is to facilitate , advocate and promote education , support and research for the prevention , treatment , and cure of liver disease .
bet365 group ltd is a british online gambling company based in the united kingdom . bet365 is one of the worlds leading online gambling groups with about 23 million customers globally . the group employs approximately 3500 people and is the largest private employer in the city of stoke-on-trent . the company is registered offshore in gibraltar as with other online gaming websites .
matchstick productions , also known as msp films , is a film production company based in crested butte , colorado that specializes in producing ski movies . steve winter and murray wais founded the company in 1992 . according to msps website , matchstick aims to create entertaining films that not only are stunning visually but on the cutting edge of action sports .
perrigo company plc is an american international manufacturer of private label over-the-counter pharmaceuticals . the companys shares are traded on the nyse and the tel aviv stock exchange as a result of the merger with agis industries the company is a constituent of the ta-35 index .
aleo solar gmbh produces and distributes solar modules and systems . it was founded in 2001 . its plant in prenzlau , germany , provided the company with an annual production capacity of 280 megawatts by 2015 .
air midwest was an upcoming privately owned airline project from lagos , nigeria , which was to be based at murtala mohammed international airport . the company has been licensed by the nigerian federal ministry of aviation to operate commercial flights , but for now , no further steps have been taken towards the full launch of services .
bionor pharma asa is a norwegian biotechnology company , developing vaccines targeted at rapidly mutating virus infections such as hiv , hepatitis c and influenza . the company is also a leader in soy technology and has developed patented products for improved health and prevention of lifestyle-related diseases . it was founded by cand.med . and dr.philos . in protein and lipid research , lars hie .
elite systems is a uk video game developer and publisher established in 1984 as richard wilcox software . it is known for producing home computer conversions of popular arcade games . elite also published compilations of games on the hit-pak label and budget price re-releases on the encore label .
advanced turbine engine company is an american aerospace joint venture created in 2006 . a project of honeywell international inc. and pratt & whitney , atec was formed to compete for a government contract to create a 3,000 shaft horsepower engine to replace the existing 2,000 shaft horsepower t700 engine powering the u.s. armys sikorsky uh-60 black hawk and boeing ah-64 apache helicopters .
terracycle is a private u.s. business headquartered in trenton , new jersey . it takes non-recyclable pre-consumer and post-consumer waste and turns it into a raw material to be used in new products . the company is known for its environmentally friendly claims .
cooley distillery is an irish whiskey distillery , located on the cooley peninsula in county louth , ireland , converted in 1987 from an older potato alcohol plant by john teeling . on 16 december 2011 beam inc. announced plans to purchase cooley for around us $ 95 million . the sale closed on 17 january 2012 . beam was then purchased by suntory holdings on 30 april 2014 , and became its beam suntory subsidiary .
sony life insurance co. , ltd. is a japanese insurance company , founded in 1979 and headquartered in tokyo .
christopher ward , founded by christopher ward , mike france and peter ellis in 2004 , is a british luxury watch company . it was the first online-only watch retailer selling timepieces directly to the consumer . christopher ward watches are designed in england and manufactured in switzerland . in 2015 , the sunday times ranked christopher ward as 77th in the sme export track 100 the only watch company on the list .
ddb worldwide communications group inc. , known internationally as ddb , is a worldwide marketing communications network . it is owned by omnicom group inc , one of the worlds largest advertising holding companies . the international advertising networks doyle dane bernbach and needham harper merged their worldwide agency operations to become ddb needham in 1986 .
the company nimr automotive llc . is a manufacturer and produces a apcs series , named nimr , being the first military vehicles constructor in the united arab emirates . in 2014 , it merged into emirates defence industries company .
the blackburn bus company is a bus operator , running services in the boroughs of blackburn , hyndburn and the ribble valley . it is a subsidiary of transdev blazefield . commencing in july 2016 , the business is progressively being rebranded from lancashire united .
trailways of new york is one of the largest privately held transportation companies based in new york state . it employs over 450 people and carries passengers more than 80 million miles annually .
taleworlds entertainment is an independent turkish video game developer located in ankara , turkey , founded in 2005 . taleworlds is an official brand of kisoft software company and have been developing pc games under the brand taleworlds entertainment since 2005 . the companys first game , mount & blade , was completed in september 2008 , its second game mount & blade : warband was released on march 29 , 2010 , and its third game was mount & blade : with fire & sword was released on may 3 , 2011 .
artec 3d is a developer and manufacturer of 3d scanning hardware and software . the company is headquartered in luxembourg , with offices also in the united states of america and russia . artec 3ds products and services are used in various industries , including engineering , healthcare , media and design , entertainment , education , fashion and historic preservation .
neusoft corporation is a chinese multinational provider of software engineering services , information technology services , product engineering services , it education and medical equipment headquartered in shenyang , china . it was founded in 1991 and , as of 2010 , is the largest china-based company providing it services and , as of 2012 , the largest software outsourcing firm in china . neusoft is an acronym of northeastern university software .
lakshmi mills company is a major textile yarn and cloth manufacturer in coimbatore , india . the company was established by g.kuppuswamy naidu in 1910 . it has two composite textile units in coimbatore : avinashi road and palladam and one in kovilpatti . the promoters of the mill were also instrumental in starting various textile machinery companies notably lmw and medical and educational institutions . the unit in coimbatore in papanaickenpalayam is also a well known famous landmark of the city .
chaudhary group is a multi-national conglomerate company headquartered in nepal . it has diversified business interests including financial services , fast-moving consumer goods , education , hospitality , energy , epc , consumer electronics , realty , biotech and ayurveda . the group runs 136 companies under 15 different business verticals across all five continents .
national lampoon , inc. is a company formed in 2002 in order to use the brand name national lampoon in comedy and entertainment . in the words of its prospectus , the role of the company is to develop , produce , provide creative services and distribute national lampoon branded comedic content through a broad range of media platforms . since its start in 2002 , the company overhauled its corporate infrastructure several times .
peoples united financial , inc. is a bank holding company that owns peoples united bank . the bank operates 403 branches in connecticut , southeastern new york state , massachusetts , vermont , maine , and new hampshire . it is the second largest bank in new england , one of the largest in the northeast , and the 46th largest in the united states .
beech-nut nutrition corporation is a baby food company that is owned by the swiss branded consumer-goods firm hero group .
the long island bank was the first bank in brooklyn , new york .
boston market corporation , known as boston chicken until 1995 , is a chain of american fast casual restaurants headquartered in golden , colorado . it is owned by private equity firm sun capital partners , which is headquartered in boca raton , florida .
warid telecom international is an emirati multinational telecommunications company based in abu dhabi , united arab emirates . it provides telecom services in bangladesh , georgia , congo , pakistan , and uganda .
united nations federal credit union is a federal credit union headquartered in long island city , new york , u.s. , chartered and regulated under the authority of the national credit union administration .
kal tire is a wholly owned canadian company based in vernon , british columbia , where it was founded in 1953 by thomas j. foord and jim lochhead . its business comprises retail tire sales for passenger and light truck vehicles , mechanical services for passenger and light trucks , commercial truck tires , mining and off-road sales and service and retreading of both commercial and off-road tires .
asia pacific vision is a provider of news , factual and corporate television content across the asia pacific region . the company was founded by mark erder and adrian brown in september 1991 , and incorporated in hong kong in early 1992 . brown is a british reporter and erder is an american documentary filmmaker .
fugro n.v. is a dutch multinational public company headquartered in leidschendam , the netherlands , that provides geotechnical , survey , subsea , and geoscience services for clients , typically oil and gas , telecommunications cable , and infrastructure companies . fugros 2014 revenues amounted to 2.6 billion it is listed on nyse , euronext amsterdam , and is included in the amx index . it has approximately 13,500 employees in over 70 countries .
the cattleman was a steakhouse in new york city founded in 1959 by restaurateur larry ellman . during its heyday , the cattleman attracted media attention as an early example of a theme restaurant , and it became the inspirational basis for the musical pump boys and dinettes .
scandic hotels is a hotel chain headquartered in stockholm , sweden , with its main operations in the nordic countries . alongside hotels in sweden , norway , finland and denmark , the company also has a presence in belgium , germany and poland . it is owned by eqt partners .
national power was formerly an energy company based in the united kingdom .
the eberspcher group of companies , with headquarters in esslingen am neckar , germany , is a privately owned family business that is an international automotive supplier with around 70 locations in 28 countries . customers include almost all major manufacturers of passenger cars and commercial vehicles .
energix renewable energies ltd. is a power producer specializing in renewable energy , currently active mainly in the field of photovoltaics and wind power . energiesis a public company traded in the tel aviv stock exchange since may 2011 . energix is owned by alony hetz properties and investments ltd. , one of the largest real-estate investment group in israel .
lloyds bank international is a wholly owned subsidiary of lloyds bank in the united kingdom , which is in turn part of lloyds banking group , one of the largest banking groups in europe . the banks overseas expansion began in 1911 and the lloyds bank international name , historically a major international commercial bank , is now used for its offshore banking interests .
belgian beer caf is a chain of concept cafe-restaurants specializing in belgian-inspired food and belgian beers . the company was founded in brussels in 1998 by inbev and now is part of the anheuser-busch inbev group . currently , belgian beer cafs can be found in 50 cities spread out over 19 countries .
base fx is a three-time emmy award winning visual effects and animation company with production studios in beijing , wuxi and xiamen , china , and an office in los angeles . the company was founded in 2006 and has completed more than 150 films . base fx specializes in high-end creature and character animation , fluid and dynamic effects , and photo-real 3d matte painting and set extensions , providing services to hollywood film companies , producers and top directors in china .
ineos styrolution is a global styrenics supplier and is headquartered in germany . it is a subcompany of ineos and provides styrenics applications for many everyday products across a broad range of industries , including automotive , electronics , household , construction , healthcare , toys/sports/leisure and packaging . in 2017 , sales were at 5.3 billion euros .
qarbon is a software company headquartered in san jose , ca . founded in 1997 , they invented the concept of a viewlet , which is now often referred to as a screencast . using a scenario capture approach , a series of compressed screenshots and cursor positions , qarbons technology enabled simulated playback of any software application . by allowing users to edit these scenarios , they could be augmented to create interactive viewlets the output of the process .
craven laboratories was an american research company based in austin , texas .
frosmo is a software and service company founded in 2008 . the company holds headquarters in helsinki , finland , and it has additional offices also in poland , united kingdom , singapore , spain and sweden . the company actively develops and offers a javascript-based conversion rate optimization solution , which can bypass any limitations of current cms or ecommerce platforms .
the information assurance advisory council , informally known as iaac , is a not-for-profit research organisation that brings together public , private , academic and other sectors in the united kingdom .
vadilal industries ltd is indias second largest ice cream player . the company is also one of the largest processed food players in india with significant exports of frozen vegetables and ready to eat snacks , curries and breads .
fednav is a group of canadian companies in the ship transport industry . primarily involved in transporting bulk cargo and break bulk cargo worldwide , the group is also involved in vessel servicing and cargo handling . group company fednav limited is canadas largest ocean-going , dry-bulk shipowning and chartering group . it primarily is engaged in transporting bulk cargo and breakbulk cargo worldwide .
pc world is one of the united kingdoms largest retail chains of mass market computer superstores . established in november 1991 , it became part of dixons retail in february 1993 and then part of dixons carphone after the merger of dixons retail and carphone warehouse in august 2014 . many of its physical shops in the united kingdom now trade under the combined currys pc world brand , and as pc city in italy .
cairn energy plc is one of europes leading independent oil and gas exploration and development companies and is listed on the london stock exchange . cairn has discovered and developed oil and gas reserves in a variety of locations around the world . cairn energy has a primary listing on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
ryk is an athletic shoe brand , specifically designed for women .
iasis healthcare , located in franklin , tennessee , is for-profit owner and operator of medium-sized acute care hospitals in high-growth urban and suburban markets . iasis owns or leases 17 acute care hospital facilities and one behavioral health hospital facility with a total of 3,581 licensed beds and has total annual net revenue of approximately $ 3.2 billion .
the illawarra regional information service , commonly called iris research or iris , is an australian research organisation that specialises in economic , community and industry research for government , business and academic institutions . iris research commenced operations in 1980 and is headquartered in wollongong , new south wales .
hollywood entertainment corporation , known as hollywood video , was a home video and video game rental shop company started in 1988 . the chain was the largest direct competitor to blockbuster video until it was purchased by movie gallery in 2005 . hollywood video ceased operations in may 2010 , when movie gallery , its parent company , declared chapter 7 bankruptcy . its last us store closed its doors on july 31 , 2010 , whereas the last one in canada closed on august 8 of that year .
the ingersoll watch company is currently owned by zeon watches , a british subsidiary of the hong kong-based company herald group . the brand originated in the us .
medline industries , inc. , is a private american company based in northfield , illinois , it is the largest privately held manufacturer and distributor of medical supplies providing products , education and services across the continuum of care with offices in 20 different countries . in 2016 , medline reached nearly $ 9.6 billion in overall company sales . medline is currently ranked at number 32 on the forbes 2016 list of largest privately held companies in america .
richard hornsby elsham in lincolnshire 4 june 1790 - 1864 . was an inventor and founder of a major agricultural machinery firm that developed steam engines . his firm also developed early diesels and caterpillar tracks . he lived with a farming family , the son of william hornsby and his wife sarah .
rmy cointreau is a french , family-owned group whose origins date back to 1724 . the group has an international portfolio of exceptional spirits : rmy martin and louis xiii cognacs , cointreau liqueur , metaxa greek spirit , mount gay rum , st-rmy brandy , the botanist gin , bruichladdich single malts , port charlotte , octomore , westland american whiskey and domaine des hautes glaces french whisky .
intercasino established the first online casino in 1996 and is part of the intercasino group , which is owned and operated by cryptologic operations ltd , a subsidiary of goldstar acquisitionco inc. registered in malta , it is regulated by the lotteries & gaming authority of malta .
orgelbau pirchner is an austrian manufacturer of pipe organs , located in steinach am brenner , tirol .
global maritime is an independent offshore and engineering consultancy headquartered in stavanger , norway . the company provides engineering , marine and advisory services to the offshore and shipping industry . originally operating primarily in the north sea and the gulf of mexico , the company has over the recent years expanded its area of operations to include a number of emerging market locations .
chickenfeed was a chain of discount retail stores in australia , founded in 1990 in tasmania by the prominent sypkes family . at its height it had roughly 44 stores in tasmania , victoria and new south wales it was taken over by australian discount retail group in 2001 , however the brand was rolled up after the parent company went into receivership . it currently has no stores remaining in australia .
ivanti / ee - von-tee / is an american it software company headquartered in south jordan , utah . it produces software for it security , it service management , it asset management , it systems management and supply chain management . it was formed in january 2017 with the merger of landesk and heat software .
emmett/furla/oasis films / efo films , previously known as emmett/furla films and oasis ventures entertainment separately , is an american film and television production and financing company founded by randall emmett and george furla in 1998 . it is notable for funding and producing the films end of watch , 2 guns and lone survivor .
mybus was a bus operator on the island of jersey providing route and school bus services under contract to states of jersey under the mybus brand . it was a subsidiary of veolia transport , then later veolia transdev from 2011 .
coxs was a department store in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . with a four-story flagship store in the downtown business district of mckeesport , pennsylvania , coxs had seven retail stores in shopping malls throughout the pittsburgh area .
the delta corporation is a beer and soft drink company of zimbabwe . the company is headquartered in harare and is listed on the zimbabwe stock exchange and its stock index , the zimbabwe industrial index .
nektar therapeutics is an american biopharmaceutical company . the company was founded in 1990 and is based in san francisco , california . the company develops new drug candidates by applying its proprietary pegylation and advanced polymer conjugate technologies to modify chemical structure of substances . it is a technology supplier to a number of pharmaceutical companies including affymax , amgen , merck , pfizer and ucb pharma , etc.
sing tao chinese radio is the radio division of the sing tao news corporation in the san francisco bay area . it currently leases time from kvto and ksqq .
toyota industries corporation is a japanese machine maker . originally a manufacturer of automatic looms , it is the company from which toyota motor corporation developed . it is the worlds largest manufacturer of forklift trucks measured by revenues .
adcom systems is unmanned aerial vehicle manufacturer based in the united arab emirates , made up of a group of 20 private companies based in the persian gulf area .
towerbrook capital partners , l.p. is an investment management firm headquartered in london and new york city . the firm pursues private equity and structured opportunities strategies and by the end of june 2016 had raised approximately $ 9.4 billion from investors . the firm is led by neal moszkowski and ramez sousou , former co-heads of soros private equity partners . they are co-ceos of towerbrook and are based in new york and london respectively .
arai helmet , limited is a japanese company that designs and manufactures motorcycle helmets and other helmets for motorsport . it was formed in 1926 by hirotake arai as a hatmaker . currently , michio mitch arai runs the company and his grand son , akihito , is also involved .
the granville island brewing company was a brewery originally based on granville island in vancouver , british columbia , canada . it was founded in 1984 and calls itself canadas first microbrewery . in 1989 , it was sold to the wine conglomerate andrew peller ltd. in 2009 it was bought by creemore springs , a subsidiary of molson coors , which in 2016 , became the third largest beer corporation in the world .
golden west financial was the second largest savings and loan association in the united states , operating branches under the name of world savings bank .
suttons seeds is a long established supplier of seeds , bulbs , and other horticultural products . today based in the english town of paignton , the company supplies its products worldwide , and until 2014 was part of the vilmorin clause & compagnie group of companies .
the hain celestial group is an american food company whose main focus is foods and personal care products . their products range from herbal teas , offered through their celestial seasonings brand , to chickens from the freebird brand . they also provide whole grain foods through arrowhead mills . the company assumed its current form in may 2000 , through the merger of the hain food group with celestial seasonings , inc. its subsidiary of the united kingdom is hain daniels .
maypole dairy products ltd. is canadian foodservice company founded in 1950 . maypole dairy products was taken over by central smith . is based in etobicoke , ontario , the company operates restaurants , dairies , and ice cream parlours featuring its signature product . maypole dairy products is considered to be a private company . the primary location of maypole dairy products is located in toronto , ontario in canada .
pkn orlen is a major polish oil refiner and petrol retailer . the company is a significant european publicly traded firm with major operations in poland , czech republic , germany , and the baltic states . orlen is a major sponsor of the polish volleyball , both the national teams and the womens national tournament .
head wrightson was a big heavy industrial firm based at thornaby-on-tees on teesside in england . they specialised in the manufacture of large industrial products such as fractional distillation columns , which sometimes needed special transport to get them to site . its early products , which were made of cast iron or wrought iron , were used for boilers , railway chairs , naval ships , and many bridges across the world . in its first 17 years the firm had various names .
pleora technologies inc. is a privately held canadian company that specializes in video transmitters and receivers that enable the streaming of data or video in real-time over standard gigabit ethernet networks . the company was founded in 2000 by george chamberlain and alain rivard .
just born is a family-owned bethlehem , pennsylvania-based candy company that manufactures and markets a number of candies including goldenbergs peanut chews , hot tamales , mike and ike , peeps , teenee beanee jelly beans , and zours . advertising its products with the slogan a great candy isnt made ... its just born , the company was ranked as the 10th largest candy company in the united states , as of 2013 .
the marshalltown company , based in marshalltown , iowa , is a privately held american manufacturer of construction tools and equipment used for asphalt , concrete , drywall , eifs , flooring , masonry , painting , plastering , stucco , tile and wallpaper . marshalltown , founded in 1890 , is one of the top producers of construction tools and equipment in the world , including the marshalltown pointed trowel , a favored tool among american archaeologists .
leo lt ab or lithuanian electricity organization was a national energy holding company in lithuania . the company owned shares of lithuanias three major electric power production and distribution companies . it was established in early 2008 to raise funds for the construction of the planned visaginas nuclear power plant after close down of ignalina plant , and lithuaniasweden and lithuaniapoland power connections .
republic bank is a bank and financial service provider in trinidad and tobago and one of the largest in the eastern caribbean . it has branches in grenada , guyana , barbados , and offshore banking operations incorporated in the cayman islands . it was formerly a division of barclays bank in trinidad and tobago , .
the berliner synchron gmbh is the largest and one of the oldest german post-production dubbing companies . it was founded on 14 october 1949 by wenzel ldecke and later managed by ldeckes son , wolfram ldecke , who served as ceo from 1987 until 2016 . currently , the company is owned by s & l medien gruppe .
a shade greener ltd. is a private limited company in the united kingdom which installs and operates solar panel systems . its head office is located in tankersley , and it has another office in bristol . it was the first company to be involved in the uks free solar industry , also known as the rent a roof industry .
the national freight corporation was a major british transport business between 1948 and 2000 . it was listed on the london stock exchange and at one time , as nfc plc , was a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
perry ellis international is an international clothing company that includes a portfolio of brands distributed through multiple channels . the company focuses primarily on sportswear and casual clothing for niche markets . it is headquartered in the miami , florida , united states suburb of doral .
piggly wiggly is an american supermarket chain operating in the southern and midwestern regions of the united states , run by piggly wiggly , llc , an affiliate of c & s wholesale grocers . its first outlet opened in 1916 in memphis , tennessee , and is notable for having been the first true self-service grocery store , and the originator of various familiar supermarket features such as checkout stands , individual item price marking and shopping carts .
hoar construction is a privately held heavy construction company specializing in commercial and industrial buildings , health care , and retail construction . founded in 1940 by friend reed hoar and headquartered in birmingham , alabama , the company is currently ranked as one of the top construction managers and retail contractors in the united states . in addition to its birmingham headquarters , hoar also has offices in orlando , nashville , houston , austin , and dc .
carpenter and westley were a british optical , mathematical and scientific instrument makers between 1808 and 1914 . the company was founded by philip carpenter and , after his death , was continued by his sister mary carpenter alongside former apprentice william westley . the companys contribution to the development of magic lanterns was significant and philip carpenter pioneered the use of copperplate slides .
queensland rail , also known as qr , is a railway operator in queensland , australia . owned by the queensland government , queensland rail operates suburban and long-distance passenger services . it also owns and maintains approximately 8,000 kilometres of track in queensland .
the montauk branch is a rail line owned and operated by the long island rail road in the u.s. state of new york . the branch runs the length of long island , 115 miles from long island city on the west to montauk on the east . however , in lirr maps and schedules for public use the term montauk branch refers to the line east of babylon the line west of there is covered by babylon branch schedules to jamaica .
the u.s.-india business council was formed in 1975 as a business advocacy organization to enlighten and encourage the private sectors of both india and united states to enhance investment flows . the organization serves as a direct link between business and government leaders , resulting in increased trade and investment to strengthen ties between the two nations .
allegheny technologies incorporated is a specialty metals company headquartered in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
hollywood pictures was an american film production label of the walt disney studios , a division of the walt disney company . similar to disneys touchstone pictures and former miramax and dimension film labels , it produced films for a more mature adult audience with darker themes than walt disney pictures , walt disney animation studios , pixar , disneynature and miramax family . the labels metonym was the sphinx .
kleenspeed technologies is a silicon valley based company founded in 2007 to create electric vehicle systems .
bothwell cheese is canadas largest independently owned cheese maker , known for its cheeses which are branded under the same name . the company , located in new bothwell , manitoba , was founded in 1936 as a co-operative by local farmers . it operated as such until 2002 , when it was purchased by a group of private investors .
kiewit corporation is an employee-owned fortune 500 contractor based in omaha , nebraska . privately held , it is one of the largest contractors in the world . recent projects have included several bridge retrofittings in the san francisco bay area , interstate h-3 project in hawaii , and building the worlds largest geodesic dome at henry doorly zoo in omaha .
merkur , mercury -RRB- was a short-lived automobile brand sold by the lincoln-mercury division of ford motor company from 1985 to 1989 . using captive imports produced by the german division of ford of europe , merkur was targeted at buyers of european luxury brands . after only five years of sales , the merkur brand was discontinued by ford , making it one of the shortest-lived automotive brands .
the restaurant group plc is a british chain of restaurants and public houses . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
south african express airways soc ltd , known as south african express or simply sa express , is a state-owned airline based in south africa that started operations on 24 april 1994 . although the airline is operationally independent of south african airways , its flights are incorporated within the strategic alliance with south african airways . the airline has its head office at airways park , jones road , next to o.r. tambo international airport in kempton park , ekurhuleni , gauteng .
the peoples operator is a mobile virtual network operator that provides mobile phone services in the united kingdom via the three , and in the united states via the sprint and t-mobile networks . it was launched in 2012 , with the stated aim of being an ethical mobile network operator .
baen books is an american publishing house for science fiction and fantasy . in science fiction , it emphasizes space opera , hard science fiction , and military science fiction . the company was established in 1983 by science fiction publisher and editor jim baen . after his death in 2006 , he was succeeded as publisher by long-time executive editor toni weisskopf .
phoenix pharmahandel aktiengesellschaft & co kg , headquartered in mannheim , baden-wrttemberg , is the largest pharmaceutical wholesaler in germany , and the second largest in europe with about 153 distribution centers across the country delivering drugs to some 12,000 independent pharmacies . its phoenix documentation is an internet-based archive offering detailed information on drugs , their components , indications , and effects .
cras iompair ireann , or ci , is a statutory corporation of the republic of ireland , answerable to the irish government and responsible for most public transport in ireland and jointly with its northern ireland counterpart , the northern ireland transport holding company the railway service between ireland and northern ireland . the company is headquartered at heuston station , dublin .
monzo bank ltd -LRB- -RRB- , is a digital , mobile-only bank based in the united kingdom . originally operating through a mobile app and a prepaid debit card , in april 2017 their uk banking licence restrictions were lifted , enabling them to offer a current account . monzo was one of the earliest of a number of new app-based challenger banks in the uk .
tata teleservices limited is an indian broadband and telecommunications service provider based in mumbai , maharashtra , india . it is a subsidiary of the tata group , an indian conglomerate . it operates under the brand name tata docomo in various telecom circles of india .
fitzwilton is a privately held investment company , today owned by sir anthony oreilly and his brother in law peter goulandris through stoneworth investment ltd. it has been involved with many businesses in ireland .
headquartered in milan , 2i rete gas is the second largest gas distribution operator and the only independent player in the gas distribution sector in italy , with a widespread and diversified network of concession over the whole italian territory , a market share of approximately 17 % and more than 3.8 m customers served .
weswap is a peer-to-peer currency exchange platform . weswap matches travellers heading in opposite directions and swaps their travel money directly . the london-based startup was launched in 2013 by jared jesner and simon sacerdoti and currently supports 18 different currencies around the world .
room 8 studio is a game development and art production studio having its offices in kiev and los angeles , with ukraine being a production hq.during the years room 8 studio have cooperated with 80 + companies including carbine studios , gaijin entertainment , gree , wargaming , rovio , jam city , playfusion , outplay entertainment , ubisoft , storm 8 , crowdstar , and nitro games .
yonhap news agency is a south korean news agency . it is a funded company , based in seoul , south korea . yonhap provides news articles , pictures and other information to newspapers , tv networks and other media in south korea .
jtbc is a south korean nationwide generalist cable tv network and broadcasting company , in which the largest shareholder is joongang ilbo/joongang media network with 25 % of shares . it was launched on 1 december 2011 . jtbc is one of four new south korean nationwide generalist cable tv networks alongside dong-a ilbos channel a , chosun ilbos tv chosun and maeil kyungjes mbn in 2011 .
bluestone group is a financial services and technology business with offices in the uk and ireland .
wilk elektronik is a manufacturer of computer memory under the brand name goodram based in aziska grne , poland . after the bankruptcy of qimonda it remains the only european producer of ram modules .
athens international airport s.a. or aia is the airport authority that owns and manages athens international airport .
pmt italia , whose name means paper machinery technology , supports the paper industry by means of mechanical engineering , automation engineering , on site services and manufacturing of machines for all grades of paper . the company was created in 2000 from the purchase of beloit italia , the italian subsidiary of beloit corporation . its headquarters are in pinerolo , italy . pmt italia is one of the leading industrial company of the city with corcos and euroball . pinerolo #economy .
the burroughs corporation was a major american manufacturer of business equipment . the company was founded in 1886 as the american arithmometer company , and after the 1986 merger with sperry univac was renamed unisys . the companys history paralleled many of the major developments in computing . at its start , it produced mechanical adding machines , and later moved into programmable ledgers and then computers .
egon zehnder is a global executive search firm . egon zehnder is the worlds largest privately held executive search firm and the third largest executive search and talent strategy firm globally . the firm offers services and expertise in the fields of executive search , board consulting and leadership strategy services .
spire bank , formerly known as equatorial commercial bank , is a commercial bank in kenya , the largest economy in the east african community . it is licensed by the central bank of kenya , the central bank and national banking regulator .
deli company is an office supplies and stationery manufacturer based in ningbo , zhejiang , china . deli is a well-known brand in china , thanks to its national advertisement campaign that is broadcast on cctv , inviting yang lan to participate as the brand ambassador . the company claims to be the leader in chinas stationery market , selling its products to more than 45,000 stores nationwide .
y combinator is an american seed accelerator , started in march 2005 .
please refer to the overview article vickers for other companies known by this namevickers limited was a significant british engineering conglomerate that merged into vickers-armstrongs in 1927 .
arbutus biopharma corporation is a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company with an expertise in liposomal drug delivery and rna interference , and is developing drugs for hepatitis b infection . it is headquartered in vancouver , british columbia and has research facilities in warminster , pennsylvania . the company was formerly known as tekmira , which was spun out of inex pharmaceuticals in 2007 .
american axle & manufacturing , inc. , headquartered in detroit , michigan , is a manufacturer of automobile driveline and drivetrain components and systems .
perkins restaurant and bakery , or simply perkins , is an american casual dining restaurant chain that serves breakfast throughout the day . it also has a bakery that sells pastries .
auster aircraft limited was a british aircraft manufacturer from 1938 to 1961 .
shin vision srl was an italian company based in rome that published japanese anime and manga , and operated in the merchandising , film/live action , non-japanese cartoons , and music industries . formed on 12 september 2002 , it was declared bankrupt by the court of rome on may 7 , 2008 .
talview is an indian hr technology company . it provides digital interviewing , talent engagement and hiring analytics software as a service to its clients . talview is a pioneer and leader in video based assessments .
malvern star is a manufacturer of bicycles based in melbourne , australia . the company was established in 1902 , and went on to become a known brand in australia .
dataxoom is a mobile virtual network operator based in walnut creek , california . the company provides mobile broadband network connectivity for tablets , mobile hotspots , and specialty devices used by mid - to large-sized businesses at 3g , 4g , and lte speeds . the company was co-founded by ceo chris hill and cro robert chamberlin . dataxoom operates as an mvno and uses at & t , verizon wireless , and sprint networks in the united states .
thorn electrical industries limited was an electrical engineering business . it was listed on the london stock exchange but it merged with emi group to form thorn emi in 1979 . it demerged again in 1996 and became a constituent of the ftse 100 index but was acquired by nomura group just two years later .
r cable y telecomunicaciones galicia , s.a. is a spanish telecommunications company that offers fixed and mobile telephone , television and broadband internet services to businesses and consumers in galicia , spain .
howard hughes engineering pty ltd is an australian aircraft manufacturer , boat and automobile builder and general engineering company based in ballina , new south wales . the company specializes in the design and manufacture of light aircraft in the form of kits for amateur construction and ready-to-fly aircraft for the european fdration aronautique internationale microlight and the american light-sport aircraft categories . australian lightwing is an aircraft brand of howard hughes engineering .
extensis is a software company based in portland , oregon .
the edeka group is the largest german supermarket corporation , currently holding a market share of 26 % . founded in 1898 , it consists today of several cooperatives of independent supermarkets all operating under the umbrella organisation edeka zentrale ag & co kg , with headquarters in hamburg . there are approximately 4,100 stores with the edeka nameplate that range from small corner stores to hypermarkets .
learning ally , which was previously named recording for the blind & dyslexic or rfb & d , is a non-profit volunteer organization operating nationwide in the united states . it produces and maintains a library of educational accessible audiobooks for people who can not effectively read standard print because of visual impairment , dyslexia , or other disabilities .
gibsons discount center , also known as gibsons , was a large discount store chain in the united states . there are still two gibsons discount centers still open in weatherford and kerrville , texas .
levi9 it services is a european provider of nearshore software engineering services with development and delivery centers across serbia , ukraine and romania and headquarters in amsterdam .
in win development is a public company in taiwan specialising in computer enclosures . its has regional offices in us , uk , netherlands and china . the companys main product lines include computer case , power supply , rackmount and tower servers and computer storages peripheral . the core competency of in win is to provide computer cases to computer system integrators for government , education , and corporate segments .
uploadvr is a virtual reality media company based in san francisco , california . the company is best known for its virtual reality-driven events , digital publication uploadvr.com , and the upload collective , a vr focused co-working space in san francisco that closed following a sexual harassment lawsuit stemming from sex parties that occurred in the space . the organization focuses on helping to grow the global virtual reality and augmented reality industry .
wm-data was a swedish it consultancy company based in stockholm , and was completely incorporated by logica on february 27 , 2008 . the company was quoted on the stockholm stock exchange as a member of the a-list , but after logicacmgs acquisition , wm-data was dequoted . the company was active in the nordic countries , including sweden , norway , denmark and finland , and had around 9,000 employees . there were local offices in estonia and poland as well , which are now logica offices .
commercial bank of africa group is a financial services provider in east africa . its headquarters are located in nairobi , kenya , with subsidiaries in kenya , rwanda , tanzania , uganda and ivory coast . the cba group is a large financial services group in east africa , with an asset base valued at ksh :234.79 billion , with shareholders equity of ksh :28.38 billion , as of 30 september 2017 .
booster juice ltd. is canadas largest chain of fresh juice and smoothie bars , owned and operated by max purdon ceo of edmonton , ab . the chain specializes in smoothies made of pure juice , fruit sorbet or vanilla frozen yogurt , frozen fruit , fresh yogurt and ice . founded in 1999 in sherwood park , alberta , the company has grown to have 315 traditional and 25 non-traditional locations in canada , 1 in india , 2 in the united states and 3 in mexico .
kering s.a. is an international luxury group based in paris , france . it owns various luxury goods brands , including gucci , yves saint laurent , balenciaga , alexander mcqueen , bottega veneta , boucheron and brioni , as well as puma and volcom in its sport & lifestyle portfolio . the company was known from 2005 to 2013 as ppr and was known before 2005 as pinault-printemps-redoute . it has been quoted on euronext paris since 1988 and has been a constituent of the cac 40 index since 1995 .
the wagner manufacturing company was a family-owned manufacturer of cast iron and aluminum products based in sidney , ohio , us . it made products for domestic use such as frying pans , casseroles , kettles and baking trays , and also made metal products other than cookware . wagner was active between 1891 and 1952 , and at one time dominated the cookware market , selling in europe and the us . the purchasers of the company in 1952 continued the brand , and wagner products are still manufactured today .
cassa di risparmio di pistoia e della lucchesia is an italian regional bank based in pistoia , tuscany . the bank was a subsidiary of banca cr firenze , with intesa sanpaolo as the ultimate holding company .
industrial bio-test laboratories was an american industrial product safety testing laboratory . ibt conducted significant quantities of research for pharmaceutical companies , chemical manufacturers and other industrial clients at its height during the 1950s , 1960s , and 1970s , ibt operated the largest facility of its kind and performed more than one-third of all toxicology testing in the united states .
valbray is an independent swiss watch company co-founded by cme de valbray and olga corsini in 2009 . the brands collection is based on a patented , camera-shutter-like dial system called oculus that enables indications , mechanisms or art on the dial to be displayed or concealed by rotating the bezel .
d is the fourth letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
pressed metal corporation south australia was an australian bus bodybuilder based in royal park , adelaide .
rowecord engineering is a structural steel construction company based in south wales .
nuix pty ltd is an australian technology company that produces a software platform for indexing , searching , analyzing and extracting knowledge from unstructured data . it has applications that include digital investigation , cybersecurity , e-discovery , information governance , and email migration and privacy . as of january 2017 , the software platform was reportedly used by at least 1800 customers in 65 countries .
singapore petroleum company limited is a singaporean oil company . spc is involved in the exploration and production of petroleum , refining , trading and petroleum product distribution .
pantos logistics is a global service provider based in seoul , south korea . since its inception in 1977 , pantos has evolved from an air freight agent to include total logistics services including sea freight , air freight , road and rail freight , warehousing , logistics consulting , international express , project cargo , terminal service and customs clearance .
rudolph technologies , inc. is an american semiconductor company . formed in 1940 and traded as nyse : rtec on the new york stock exchange , it is a provider of process characterization equipment and software for semiconductor , data storage , flat panel display and micro-electro-mechanical system manufacturing industries . the companys product offering includes automated defect inspection and metrology systems , probe card test and analysis systems , and lithography step-and-repeat systems .
j.w. lees is a brewery in middleton , greater manchester , that has produced real ale since 1828 . the brewery owns and operates 140 pubs , mainly in north west england and north wales . it also owns wine distributor willoughbys .
bezeq is an israeli telecommunications company . bezeq and its subsidiaries offer a range of telecom services , including fixed-line , mobile telephony , high-speed internet , transmission , and pay tv .
first west of england is a bus operator providing services in bristol , bath , somerset , south gloucestershire and west wiltshire . it is a subsidiary of firstgroup .
karachi co-operative housing societies union is a federation of housing cooperatives in pakistan . the organization is composed of 24 cooperative housing societies with over 100,000 members . kchsu is a member of the international co-operative alliance .
zero skateboards is a skateboard company located in carlsbad , california , united states . the brand was founded by professional skateboarder and entrepreneur jamie thomas , and distributed by his black box distribution company . in late june , 2014 , thomas announced that the brand would be distributed by the dwindle distribution company , based in el segundo , california , us . subsequently , in 2016 , thomas and dwindle announced that zero skateboards would be operated independently by thomas .
manpowergroup is a fortune 500 american multinational corporation headquartered in milwaukee , wisconsin . founded in 1948 by elmer winter and aaron scheinfeld , manpowergroup is the third-largest staffing firm in the world behind swiss firm adecco and dutch firm randstad .
the logan construction company was founded in 1903 in chillicothe , ohio . they were manufacturers of the logan automobile until 1908 .
timbuk2 is a san francisco-based bag manufacturer and marketer . the company produces a variety of pre-made and made-to-order bags . timbuk2 is owned by private equity group tb2 investors . in 2014 , the company was ranked as the 2nd largest manufacturer in san francisco by the san francisco business times .
technigraphics , inc. was a multi-national company with its headquarters in wooster , ohio , usa . it was involved in geospatial and engineering services . in november 2010 , the company was acquired by caci international inc.
the etas group is a german company which designs solutions and tools for the development of embedded systems for the automotive industry and other sectors of the embedded industry .
from 1982 to 2003 , genicom was a leading american manufacturer of computer printers , based in chantilly , virginia .
ransome may refer to : ransome , queensland , australia , a suburb of brisbane6440 ransome , an asteroidransome airlines , a regional airline in the united statesransome ransome gillett holdridge , an early san francisco school painterransome judson williams , american politician and 102nd governor of south carolinaransome the clown , a character from the game thimbleweed parkransomes , sims & jefferies , a major british work vehicle and machinery maker , ended 1998 .
infinera corporation is a vertically integrated manufacturer of wavelength division multiplexing optical transmission equipment for the telecommunications service provider market . it offers an end-to-end packet-optical portfolio designed for long-haul , subsea , data center interconnect and metro applications .
john lilley & gillie ltd are a developer , manufacturer and supplier of marine navigation equipment headquartered in north shields in the north east of england .
snap-on incorporated is a designer , manufacturer and marketer of high-end tools and equipment for professional use in the transportation industry including the automotive , heavy duty , equipment , marine , aviation , and railroad industries . snap-on also distributes lower-end tools under the brand name blue-point .
bt mobile is a mobile virtual network operator provided by bt consumer a division of bt group in the united kingdom that was launched in march 2015 . it uses the ee network via an mvno agreement signed in march 2014 as well as using the spectrum bt won in the 2013s 4g auction . ee is now owned by bt following a successful acquisition that was officially completed on 29 january 2016 .
tallgrass beef company is a kansas-based beef company that sells grass fed and grass finished beef . tallgrass beef became the first grass fed beef producer to sell steaks in chicago in 2005 when harry carays restaurant began selling tallgrass beef . its beef is sold via restaurants and grocery stores throughout the midwest , east coast , and southeast , in addition to mail order . tallgrass beef company raises some of its cattle on founder bill kurtiss sedan , kansas ranch .
dela rosa transit is one of the city bus companies in the philippines . it plies route from pacita complex , san pedro , laguna to novaliches , quezon city . it also offers provincial routes operated under its sister companies , dela rosa express and n. dela rosa liner , plying routes from metro manila to batangas city , batangas , and lucena city , quezon , respectively . the company was named after its sole founders wife , nora dela rosa , who is also an owner of provincial bus company , n. dela rosa liner .
wind telecomunicazioni s.p.a. is an italian telecom operator which offers integrated mobile , fixed telephony and internet services .
milestone aviation group , a subsidiary of ge capital aviation services , is the first global aircraft operating lease company focused exclusively on the helicopter market . milestones offers a number of financial services to operators in 25 countries on six continents , including operational leasing , debt solutions , short-term leasing options , and long-term asset management programs .
roots ltd. is a publicly held canadian brand . it sells womens , mens , childrens , and babys apparel leather bags footwear active athletic wear small leather goods and home furnishings . their design centre and leather factory are in toronto , ontario . roots employs 1,600 people in canada . as of may 2013 , roots operated 210 stores in canada , the united states , and asia , and ships to 50 countries online .
bones inc. is a japanese anime studio . it has produced numerous series , including rahxephon , wolfs rain , scrapped princess , eureka seven , angelic layer , darker than black , soul eater , ouran high school host club and two adaptions of the fullmetal alchemist manga along with star driver , gosick , space dandy and my hero academia . its headquarters is located in igusa , suginami , tokyo .
the bank of the people was created by radical reform politicians james lesslie , james hervey price , and dr john rolph in toronto in 1835 . it was founded after they failed to establish a provincial loan office in which farmers could borrow small sums guaranteed by their land holdings . the bank of the people was the only bank in upper canada not to suspend payments during the financial panic of 1837-8 .
txi , formerly texas industries , was set up in 1946 and now is headquartered in dallas , texas . the company is focused on heavy construction materials in the southwestern united states market . there are mainly three products : cement , aggregates , and concrete related products . until 2012 , texas industries owned 82 manufacturing facilities in six states .
exanet ltd was an israeli software company which provided scalable network-attached storage software solutions to partners . exanet software was hardware independent . their clustered nas software storage solution provided single file system scalability , and was compatible with linux , mac , and windows operating systems . after the company went into temporary receivership , on february 19 , 2010 exanets intellectual property was acquired by dell .
reel one entertainment , also known as reel one , is an entertainment company which produces and distributes television movies and television series . it is one of the independent providers of lifetime movies . the company was founded in 2001 by tom berry and is currently headquartered in montreal , canada .
lechler is an italian paints and coatings manufacturer .
quickbrowse was a web-based subscription service that enables users to browse multiple web pages more quickly by combining them vertically into a single web page . it was one of the early metabrowsing services .
toast , inc. is a cloud-based restaurant software company based in boston , ma . the company provides a restaurant management and point of sale system built on the android operating system . toast was founded in cambridge , massachusetts in 2012 by steve fredette , aman narang , and jonathan grimm . in 2016 , toast received $ 30 million in a round of series b funding from bessemer venture partners and gv , formerly google ventures .
ssur hf . is an icelandic company that develops , manufactures and sells non-invasive orthopaedics equipment , including bracing and support products , compression therapy , and prosthetics . the companys headquarters is in reykjavk , and it has offices in the americas , europe , and asia , with distributors in other markets .
ksb aktiengesellschaft is a supplier of pumps , valves and related services with headquarters in frankenthal , germany . the ksb group has sales and marketing organisations , manufacturing facilities and service operations on all continents . the company has more than 16,000 employees , with annual consolidated sales revenue of over two billion euros .
emcas is a financial claims management company based in torquay , united kingdom , with offices in exeter , paignton and taunton . established in 2003 , emcas is one of the largest claims management companies in the uk , currently employing over 350 staff , to help consumers claim back money lost from mis-sold financial products including savings and investments , endowment mortgages , pensions and payment protection insurance .
nz bus , formerly stagecoach new zealand , is new zealands largest bus company , operating in auckland and wellington , with a fleet of around 1,100 vehicles . it owned 96 % of fullers ferries in auckland but has sold this shareholding . it is a subsidiary of infratil .
gracekennedy limited is one of the caribbeans largest conglomerates , with several diversified companies in the caribbean , europe and north america .
child world was an american chain of toy stores that was founded in avon , massachusetts , in 1970 by sid shneider and joseph arnesano . child world once boasted 182 stores and revenues of approximately $ 830 million annually . from 1977 until its closure child world also operated the childrens palace chain of stores after acquiring it from kobacker stores , and later incorporated most of the aesthetic design features from the latter chain into child world stores .
huta stalowa wola is a defense contractor , and steel mill . it is a major producer of military equipment in poland , located in stalowa wola .
j.h. harvey co. , llc is a supermarket chain with stores in georgia , florida , south carolina , and north carolina . the majority of the harveys stores are between 18,000 and 35,000 square feet . the company is a subsidiary of southeastern grocers , which is headquartered in jacksonville , florida .
westfalen ag , headquartered in mnster , westphalia operates as a retailer in the liquefied petroleum gas and fuel sectors and as a manufacturer of industrial gases .
nabholz construction is just one of the commercial general contactors/construction managers in the united states . it has been listed by engineering news record magazine as one of the top 400 general contractors every year since 1986 , currently the company is ranked # 121 .
uzel holding was one of turkeys oldest and largest manufacturing companies . its main sector was agricultural machinery , although it eventually branched out into the automotive industry and real estate through its venture capital arm , argentum . the company was founded in 1937 . however , its roots went back to the middle of the nineteenth century . uzel holding collapsed in 2010 and was declared bankrupt in july 2012 .
exclusive hotels and venues is a hotel chain based in surrey , england . the hotel group has a portfolio of several hotels across the south , and operates mainly in the five star sector .
johnston press plc is a multimedia company based in edinburgh , scotland . its flagship titles include national newspaper the i , the scotsman , the yorkshire post , the falkirk herald , the news and the news letter in belfast . the falkirk herald was the then falkirk-based companys first acquisition in 1846 . it now also operates around 200 other newspapers and associated websites around the united kingdom and the isle of man . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
gluster inc. was a software company that provided an open source platform for scale-out public and private cloud storage . the company was privately funded and headquartered in sunnyvale , california , with an engineering center in bangalore , india . gluster was funded by nexus venture partners and index ventures . gluster was acquired by red hat on october 7 , 2011 .
lovability inc. is a company that designs , manufactures , and markets condoms . based in new york city and founded by tiffany gaines , the company has the stated mission to empower women to take responsibility for their sexual health . the companys primary products are male condoms approved by the u.s. food and drug administration that are packaged in small tins designed to blend in with cosmetics and other items a woman might carry in her purse .
swarovski -RRB- is an austrian producer of lead glass headquartered in wattens , austria .
united group is alternative telecom provider in the balkan countries that operates in two main business segments : telecommunication platforms and media .
chip pc technologies is a developer and manufacturer of thin client solutions and management software for server-based computing where in a network architecture applications are deployed , managed and can be fully executed on the server .
nocona boots is a western boot brand and a division of justin brands , inc. , a berkshire hathaway corporation . justin brands is the worlds largest manufacturer of western footwear . in addition to nocona boots , it own justin boots , tony lama boots , and chippewa boots .
blue mountain vineyard , located on the shore of vaseux lake in okanagan falls , british columbia is a canadian winery . situated near the bottom of british columbias okanagan valley , blue mountain produces over 12,000 cases of wine per year . blue mountains tasting room is open by appointment only .
tabcorp holdings limited is an australian wagering , gaming and keno operator and one of the worlds largest publicly listed gaming companies . they carry a supporting media arm .
jaring was a malaysian internet service provider based in technology park malaysia . it was the first internet service provider in the country and was formerly owned by mimos berhad . the word jaring was derived from joint advanced research integrated networking . its current ceo is dato norhisam bin mohamed @ mohamed nor .
siga technologies , inc. is a pharmaceutical company set up in 1995 that is now based in new york city . the company markets pharmaceutical solutions for smallpox , ebola , dengue , lassa fever , and other lethal disease-causing pathogens .
road scholar is an american not-for-profit organization that provides educational travel tours primarily geared to older adults . the organization is headquartered in boston , massachusetts . from its founding in 1975 until 2010 , road scholar was known as elderhostel . road scholar offers study tours throughout the united states and canada and in approximately 150 other countries .
asl airlines hungary kft , formerly farnair hungary , is an airline based on the property of budapest ferenc liszt international airport in budapest , hungary . it operates scheduled express cargo services , ad hoc charter services and relief missions . its main base is budapest ferihegy international airport .
the greek steamship company was the first steamship company in modern greece . established on the aegean island of syros , the company provided transportation links within greece and to europe and the middle east . eventually , as syros prosperity declined , the company went out of business .
voltage inc -LRB- -RRB- is a japanese developer and publisher of interactive story apps , such as visual novels and otome games , for ios and android devices . they also develop games with their san francisco based subsidiary voltage entertainment usa .
civic is a ultra hd blu-ray , blu-ray , dvd and game rental store chain which operates franchise and corporate-owned video stores in australia and new zealand .
atlas media corp. is a new york-based independent production company of non-fiction entertainment .
glenview capital management is a hedge fund founded in 2000 with approximately $ 16.5 billion of capital under management as of december 2017 . glenview manages capital for investors through a series of private investment funds . the firm was founded by larry robbins , the firms ceo and portfolio manager , and has offices in new york and london .
glory of heroes or goh , is a chinese kickboxing promotion developed by beijing wanmingyang media . the event are streamed live on iqiyi and delay broacast every sunday at 22:00 on shenzhen television .
justin boots is an american western and equestrian footwear brand . it is a division of justin brands , itself owned by berkshire hathaway . other brands owned by the company include tony lama boots , nocona boots , chippewa boots , and justin original workboots .
jsc npo almaz named after a.a. raspletin is a soviet/russian military r & d enterprise founded in 1947 . it is the core of the almaz-antey holding . headquarters moscow , leningradsky av. , 80 .
the grupo rpp is a peruvian media conglomerate that owns several chains of radio stations , television channels and other businesses that are run by businessman manuel delgado parker .
adventist healthcare is a not-for-profit health services organization based in gaithersburg , maryland that employs more than 6,200 people and provides healthcare for more than 400,000 individuals in the community each year . the primary service area for adventist healthcare is the washington , d.c. metropolitan area . despite similar names , it is not a part of the california-based adventist health , or the florida-based adventist health system .
mission federal credit union is the largest locally-owned financial institution based in and exclusively serving san diego county . mission fed is federally insured by the national credit union administration and is an equal housing lender . mission fed is accredited by the better business bureau .
anglo pacific group plc is a major natural resources royalties business based in london . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
marymount hospital is a 322 bed acute-care facility located in garfield heights , ohio the hospital primarily serves southern and southeastern cuyahoga county . marymount provides cancer care , cardiology , diabetes , emergency , orthopaedics , outpatient rehabilitation , stroke care , vascular surgery , and womens health . the hospital campus also includes a medical office building , a behavioral health center , critical care tower and surgery center .
giacomini is a global producer of underfloor & ceiling heating and cooling systems , thermal energy metering and water & gasses regulation . currently giacomini employs over 1000 workers , exporting around 80 % of its production in over 100 countries all around the world . the headquarters of giacomini is in san maurizio dopaglio , italy . the companys assortment consists of more than 6,000 product items made in 4 factories in italy .
thai beverage , better known as thaibev , is thailands largest and one of southeast asias largest beverage companies , with distilleries in thailand , scotland , and china . listed on the singapore stock exchange , thai beverage plc has a market capitalization in excess of us $ 4 billion . in january 2013 , the firm announced it had succeeded in a us $ 11.2 billion deal to take over the conglomerate fraser and neave , adding to the groups portfolio of assets .
fiction collective two is an author-run , not-for-profit publisher of avant-garde , experimental fiction supported in part by the university of utah , the university of alabama , central michigan university , illinois state university , private contributors , arts organizations and foundations , and contest fees .
the letterone group is an international investment business based in luxembourg . its investments are focused on the telecoms , technology and energy sectors through its two main business units , l1 energy and l1 technology . businessman mikhail fridman set up letterone in 2013 as part of a broader new investment vehicle using the proceeds from the sale of tnk-bp .
the neal manufacturing company was a neckerchief slide company based in biddeford , maine . it was founded by c. millard neal , proprietor of neals novelty shop .
remedy corporation was a software company that produced the action request system and various applications therein . remedy is now the service management business unit of bmc software .
great basin brewing co. is a brewery headquartered in sparks , nevada . it is nevadas largest and oldest currently operating brewery - though not the states longest operated . great basin beers are available as draught beer and in bottles at over 400 locations in northern nevada and the surrounding regions , including aces ballpark . they also serve beer at many special events , such as the best in the west nugget rib cook-off and the great reno balloon race .
board of investment is the investment promotion agency of pakistan . the board of investment assists companies planning to invest in pakistan or to expand their pakistani operations . the board of investment is a member of the world association of investment promotion agencies .
luxoft is an international custom software development company with more than 13,100 employees , 41 offices in 20 countries in north america , western and eastern europe , asia pacific , and south africa . it is incorporated in tortola , british virgin islands , has its operating headquarters office in zug , switzerland , tax domiciled in london , and is listed on the new york stock exchange .
benesse corporation is a japanese company which focuses on correspondence education and publishing . based in okayama-city , it is the parent company of berlitz language schools , which in turn is the parent company of els language centers . benesse is listed on the tokyo stock exchange .
for the los angeles-based bank that operated until 1996 , see first interstate bancorp. first interstate bancsystem , inc. , is a financial holding company both the company and its primary banking subsidiary first interstate bank . both are based in billings , montana .
telehouse america is a data center / colocation services provider in the united states with carrier-neutral facilities in new york city , newark and los angeles , as well as international internet exchanges , managed it services and disaster recovery solutions .
nsb biltrafikk was the former road transport division of the norwegian state railways from the first bus routes in 1925 , as a subsidiary of nsb ba from 1 december 1996 , until it was divided into bus operator nettbuss and truck operator nettlast on 10 february 2000 .
broadway video is an american multimedia entertainment studio founded by lorne michaels , creator of the sketch comedy tv series saturday night live and producer of other television programs and movies .
red wing shoes is an american footwear company based in red wing , minnesota that was founded by charles h. beckman in 1905 . within 10 years of its inception , red wing shoes was producing more than 200,000 pairs of boots per year and was the primary company manufacturing footwear for american soldiers fighting in world war i. red wing shoes continued its tradition of producing footwear for wartime use by manufacturing boots for american soldiers during world war ii .
godsgirls is a california-based alt porn website featuring softcore nude photography and video . the website also serves as a social networking community , featuring model and user blogs , email , discussion forums , original writing , and interviews .
nixdorf computer ag was a west german computer company founded by heinz nixdorf in 1952 . headquartered in paderborn , germany , it became the fourth largest computer company in europe , and a worldwide specialist in banking and point-of-sale systems .
everfest is an austin-based company that connects the festival community online . festival-goers can find worldwide festivals , connect with friends , build a calendar and share content about festival experiences . festival organizers work with everfest to manage their online presence and market their event to attendees , including a perk system that allows organizers to provide discounts or free items to festival-goers .
metro ag , otherwise known as metro group , is a german global diversified retail and wholesale/cash and carry group based in dsseldorf . it was established in 1964 by ernst schmidt and wilhelm schmidt-ruthenbeck . as of 2010 , it was the fourth-largest retailer in the world measured by revenues .
learnvest is an american financial planning company founded by ceo alexa von tobel . it sells personal finance software .
williams lea group limited , branded williams lea tag , is a global company that offers business process outsourcing to large companies . founded in 1820 as a company providing printing services to the financial industry , williams lea went through a number of changes to its business model and now provides services including mail processing , bulk mailing , printing , and page layout .
ers railways is a fully independent railway company , 100 % owned by freightliner group ltd. , with five offices in four countries across europe . with a modern fleet of locomotives and over 400 leased container platforms , low-bed as well as double pocket wagons , they are able to transport container , tank and trailer units . ers railways has so far been granted railway licenses in the netherlands , belgium , germany and austria .
barrington broadcasting group , llc , headquartered in schaumburg , illinois was an american corporation focused on broadcast television , primarily in middle and small size media markets . barrington owned or operated via duopoly twenty-four television stations , with the potential to reach 3.4 percent of households in the u.s. it was owned by pilot group , a private equity firm .
smiths dock company , limited , often referred to simply as smiths dock , was a british shipbuilding company .
neuberger berman is a private , independent , employee-owned investment management firm . the firm manages equities , fixed income , private equity and hedge fund portfolios for global institutional investors , advisors and high-net-worth individuals . it is currently rated the # 1 best place to work in asset management amongst firms with greater than 1,000 employees .
marine services company limited is a tanzanian company that operates ferries , cargo ships and tankers on three of the african great lakes , namely lake victoria , lake tanganyika and lake nyasa . it provides services to neighbouring burundi , dr congo , zambia and malawi .
richtree market is a canadian restaurant chain , which approximates the style of a european market .
the centre for applied genomics is a genome centre in the research institute of the hospital for sick children , and is affiliated with the university of toronto . tcag also operates as a science and technology innovation centre of genome canada , with an emphasis on next-generation sequencing and bioinformatics support .
ginebra san miguel inc. . is a philippines-based diversified beverage company majority-owned by san miguel corporation .
hangover heaven is a mobile veisalgia treatment clinic based in paradise , nevada , that administers treatment for hangovers through an iv . it is the first clinic that studied the treatment of hangovers , with its own hangover research institute . hangover heaven was founded by dr. jason burke , a duke university-trained certified anesthesiologist . the center opened in april 2012 .
the world branding forum is a global nonprofit organisation based in london , united kingdom . the forum runs various programmes and organises conference , workshops and seminars . it operates a newsroom and publishes industry news on its website . it is also a media partner for various industry events . the forums industry recognition programme is the world branding awards , which it organises annually .
national insurance company limited is a state owned general insurance company in india . its catchline is trusted since 1906 in italic . the company headquartered at kolkata was established in 1906 and nationalised in 1972 . its portfolio consists of a multitude of general insurance policies , offered to a wide arena of clients encompassing different sectors of the economy . apart from being a leading insurance provider in india , nicl also serves nepal .
disneyabc domestic television , also operating as abc syndication , is the in-home sales and content distribution firm of the disneyabc television group , a division of the walt disney company .
seamans furniture was an american chain of furniture stores based in woodbury , new york .
tt games limited is a british holding company and a subsidiary of warner bros. interactive entertainment . the company was established in 2005 through the merger of developer travellers tales and publisher giant interactive entertainment , subsequently tt games publishing . its other branches include developer tt fusion , animation studio tt animation and mobile games companies playdemic . the company is known for the lego video game series .
the safra group is an international , network of companies controlled by the safra family , comprising banking and financial institutions , industrial operations , real estate and agribusiness . it is present in the us , europe , the middle east , latin america , asia and the caribbean .
tricadia capital management , llc is a new york based asset management company .
lumen is a milan-based multi-disciplined creative and design consulting agency , founded by pietro rovatti and drew smith in 2003 .
avon products , inc , known as avon , founded by david h. mcconnell in 1886 is a direct selling company in beauty , household , and personal care categories . avon had annual sales of $ 5.7 billion worldwide in 2016 . it is the fifth-largest beauty company and , with 6.4 million representatives , is the second largest direct selling enterprise in the world . avon products is a multi-level marketing company .
h & g simonds ltd was a brewery founded in reading , berkshire , england in 1785 by william blackall simonds . the company amalgamated with courage & barclay in 1960 and dropped the simonds name after ten years . eventually the firm became part of scottish & newcastle who sold the brands to wells & youngs brewery in 2007 and closed the reading brewery three years later .
imco carbide tool is an american manufacturing company that researches , designs and manufactures high-performance cutting tools for a variety of applications in the aerospace , automotive , medical , petrochemical , and manufacturing industries . founded in 1977 by lawrence r. osburn and headquartered in perrysburg twp , ohio , imco serves a diverse customer base of small job shops to large production operations around the world . the company is iso 9001:2000 registered .
carmanation is a website for people to rent out their private parking . founded by ilya movshovich and ashley cummings , in january 2013 , and headquartered in silicon valley , the company is privately owned and operated by carmanation , inc. users of the site must register and create a personal online profile before using the site .
zmanda inc. is an open source and cloud backup software company . it is headquartered in sunnyvale , california , united states . in partnership with open source companies such as sun and mysql , the company contributes to many open source projects . zmanda was acquired by betsol on feb 27 , 2018 .
adpack usa is a new york-based tissue-pack marketing company . founded in 2004 , adpack usa is the north american subsidiary of japans itochu corporation , a division of itochu international , a fortune 500 company .
scotts lawnservice was a subdivision of the scotts miracle-gro company , an american multinational corporation headquartered in marysville , ohio .
midamerican energy company is an energy company based in des moines , iowa . its service area includes almost two-thirds of iowa , as well as portions of illinois , south dakota , and nebraska . its territory is wholly encompassed by the territory of the midcontinent independent system operator . major cities in midamerican energys service territory are des moines , sioux city , sioux falls , council bluffs , waterloo , iowa city , and the quad cities .
freei was a free internet service provider from 1998-2000 . in 2000 , freeinternet.com was acquired by united online , inc. . in 2008 , united online re-launched freeinternet.com as a web site dedicated to free and discounted retail offers .
fbo riga is a certified ground handling agent and the operator of the business aviation center at the riga international airport . the opening of the new fbo riga business aviation center took place in september 2015 . the new fbo riga complex includes a business aviation terminal with an adjacent car park , a heated hangar , an apron with parking stands for business jets , and a helipad .
wortmann ag is a german computer manufacturer , based in hllhorst , north rhine-westphalia . the main products are computers , notebooks and servers , as well as computer monitors and thin clients . the majority of their products are assembled in germany and are marketed under their own brand , terra .
hurley palmer flatt is a multi-disciplinary engineering consultancy based in london . it provides mechanical and electrical engineering consultancy and associated services . it was established in 1968 in the uk by john hurley as a building services consultancy . it has expanded into a global company operating in dubai , india , australia , singapore and the us . it engages in both public and private sector development across a variety of fields .
breitling sa is a swiss luxury watchmaker based in grenchen , switzerland . the company was founded in 1884 by lon breitling in saint-imier . breitling is known for precision-made chronometers designed for aviators .
longnecker and associates is a privately held management consulting firm based out of houston , texas . longnecker and associates helps companies improve their performance , primarily through the analysis and design of executive compensation and corporate governance programs . longnecker & associates designs both base salary and performance-related pay programs for privately held companies , public companies , and non-profit organizations .
sunbus is the principal bus operator in rockhampton , queensland operating services under the qconnect scheme in regional queensland .
empire today , llc is a northlake , illinois-based home improvement and home furnishing company , specializing in installed carpet , flooring , and window treatments . the company operates in more than 75 metropolitan areas in the united states . empire today was founded in 1959 by seymour cohen in partnership with jonathan samuel beute . empire today has served over one million customers .
the g-unit clothing company is american clothing retailer established in 2003 when 50 cent teamed up with selman hasanaj and marc eck the founder of eck unltd . to create a line of clothing and accessories by 50 cent and g-unit . since its initial launch , the brand has generated $ 100 million in retail sales , although production of the line has ceased since 2009 , with tentative plans to re-launch .
dewan farooque motors is a pakistani automobile manufacturer based in karachi , pakistan and part of the dewan mushtaq group . in 2016 , the company agreed to begin producing and manufacturing ssangyong vehicles as daehan-dewan at its assembly plant in sujawal .
qwest corporation is a bell operating company owned by centurylink . it was formerly named u s west communications , inc. from 1991 to 2000 , and also formerly named the mountain states telephone and telegraph company from 1911 to 1991 . it includes the former operations of malheur bell , northwestern bell and pacific northwest bell as well . it is one of two of the original 22 bell operating companies not to be owned by a baby bell formed in 1984 .
giant manufacturing co. ltd. is a taiwanese bicycle manufacturer that is recognized as the worlds largest bicycle manufacturer . giant has manufacturing facilities in taiwan , the netherlands , and china .
formlabs is a 3d printing technology developer and manufacturer . the somerville , massachusetts-based company was founded in september 2011 by three mit media lab students . the company develops and manufactures desktop 3d printers and related software and consumables . it is known for raising nearly $ 3 million in a kickstarter campaign and creating the form 1 and form 2 3d printers .
higer bus company limited , also known as higer bus , is a chinese bus manufacturer based in suzhou , jiangsu province . it was established at the end of 1998 . higer is chinas leading exporter of buses and coaches , whose units are available in more than 100 countries and territories in south asia , middle east , africa , russia , east europe and the americas . in 2015 , higer reached again a new breakthrough with more than rmb 11.7 billion sales revenue .
northumberland ferries limited is a ferry company operating in eastern canada and headquartered in charlottetown , prince edward island . nfl is also the owner of subsidiaries bay ferries limited and bay ferries great lakes limited through its holding company .
american biotech labs , llc . is a privately held silver nanotechnology company that is based in alpine , utah . llc was formed in 1998 with a mission to create documentable , stable and powerful nanosilver products . it is a three time recipient of the best of state award for medical innovation .
founded in 1921 as australian guarantee company to initially provide finance for purchasers of smaller household items , it progressed into financing motor vehicles and was renamed as australian guarantee corporation limited in 1925 . agc was australias oldest national finance company offering a range of finance , investment and insurance products and were market leaders in equipment finance , cashflow finance , motor vehicle and personal finance .
banca nazionale del lavoro s.p.a. is an italian bank headquartered in rome . it is italys sixth largest bank and has been a subsidiary of bnp paribas since 2006 .
cryptek is a company that develops and sells information security products and services to governments and corporations . cryptek is headquartered in dulles , virginia , united states .
edf luminus is the second largest electricity producer and energy supplier on the belgian energy market . its main shareholder is lectricit de france with a 68.6 % stake .
stv group , inc. , is a private , employee-owned corporation specializing in engineering , architecture , planning and construction management services , serving the building and facilities , transportation , energy , and infrastructure market sectors . employing more than 1,900 professionals , stv has national and international offices .
banca popolare di spoleto s.p.a. is an italian bank based in spoleto , umbria region . it was a subsidiary of banco di desio e della brianza .
la brugeoise et nivelles sa , later bn constructions ferroviaires et mtalliques , was a belgian manufacturer of railway locomotives and other rolling stock it was formed by a merger of two companies : la brugeoise et nicaise et delcuve and les ateliers mtallurgiques de nivelles . the company was acquired by bombardier inc. in 1988 , plants in nivelles and manage closed in 1989 and 2000 as of 2011 , the plant located in bruges operated as bombardier transportation belgium s.a. .
iver johnson was a u.s. firearms , bicycle , and motorcycle manufacturer from 1871 to 1993 . the company shared the same name as its founder , norwegian-born iver johnson . the name was resold and in 2006 iver johnson arms opened , but does not have any parts or information relating to the pre-1993 company , and represents a continuation of it in name only .
danish agro is a cooperative farm supply company headquartered in karise south of copenhagen , denmark . it is owned by 12,000 danish farmers .
trajectory inc. is an american technology company that focuses on solving the problems facing the global book publishing market . it was founded by jim bryant in 2011 and is headquartered in marblehead , massachusetts . the company is known for pioneering the development of a series of deep learning algorithms that are used to analyze and recommend books .
cirrus aero-engines limited was a british aircraft engine manufacturer , known for their line of four-cylinder air-cooled vertical inline engines for general aviation use . the company traded between 1927 and 1931 .
crowdsourced testing is a crowdsourcing platform which provides functional , localization , usability and beta testing through crowdsourcing . they manage a crowd of over 16,000 testers around the world .
tinopolis plc is a welsh independent television production company , owned by its senior management and private equity company vitruvian partners . tinopolis produces over 2,500 hours of television annually for more than 200 uk and foreign broadcasters .
everlane is an online clothing retailer . the organization is headquartered in san francisco , california and has a small team in new york city . it is a leader in sustainable apparel and pricing transparency .
atlas honda is a pakistani motorcycle manufacturer owned by atlas group and honda motor company and based in karachi , sindh , pakistan since 1962 . it is the largest motorcycle assembler and a market leader in pakistan .
cavotec is an international engineering group , headquartered in lugano , switzerland . cavotec supplies the ports and maritime , airports , mining and tunnelling , and general industry sectors with power transmission , distribution and control technologies that form the link between fixed installations , in airports , ports and mines , and mobile equipment such as aircraft , ships , mining equipment and cranes .
greenlee partners , llc is a lobbying firm in pennsylvania , possibly best known as the republican-leaning firm that represented the city of philadelphia in the 1990s .
mulberry is a luxury fashion company founded in the united kingdom in 1971 , known internationally for its leather goods .
foss is a global provider of high-tech analytical solutions used mainly in the agricultural and food industries . the company is headquartered in hillerd , denmark .
seyntex is a belgian textile manufacturing company . the company head office is located in tielt .
imprimis pharmaceuticals is a publicly traded pharmaceutical company based in san diego .
the hayel saeed anam & co. is a multi-billion dollar conglomerate active in the middle east , north africa , the horn of africa , europe , and south east asia . the group is owned and managed by the saeed anam family . the group today has grown to own over 92 companies in various areas , including saudi arabia , the united kingdom , malaysia , indonesia , the united arab emirates , bahrain , jordan , iraq , egypt , yemen , djibouti , and ethiopia .
first reserve corporation is a private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts and growth capital investments in the energy sector . first reserve was founded in 1984 and is the oldest and largest private equity fund dedicated to investments in the energy sector . as of 2017 , first reserve had approximately 155 employees across three offices in stamford , connecticut , houston , texas and london .
bandwidth is a communications platform as a service company offering a full suite of voice , messaging , and 9-1-1 apis , all built atop the companys own all-ip voice network . businesses use bandwidths apis to add calling , texting and 9-1-1 connectivity to software , applications , and internet-connected devices .
anderson water systems , inc. is a canadian manufacturer and service provider of industrial water systems located in ancaster , ontario . established in 1952 anderson specializes in ion exchange and provides custom solutions for reverse osmosis , edi , degasification , clarification , filtration for a variety of applications and industries with more than 3000 installations in over 40 countries .
gea bock gmbh is part of the gea group . the company is a manufacturer of compressors and condensing units for stationary and mobile refrigeration and air-conditioning . the products are exclusively used in commercial and industrial environments .
the tokyo stock exchange , which is called tsh -LRB- -RRB- or tse/tyo for short , is a stock exchange located in tokyo , japan . it is the third largest stock exchange in the world by aggregate market capitalization of its listed companies , and largest in asia . it had 2,292 listed companies with a combined market capitalization of us $ 4.09 trillion as of april 2015 . in july 2012 a planned merger with the osaka securities exchange was approved by the japan fair trade commission .
eve/zebu is a provider of hardware-assisted verification tools for functional verification of application-specific integrated circuits and system on chip designs and for validation of embedded software ahead of implementation in silicon .
bidvest insurance group , commonly referred to as bidvest insurance is a subsidiary of the bidvest group based in south africa that operates under two insurance licences : short term and life insurance . the company was established in 1997 . bidvest insurance group together with bidvest bank makes up the bivest financial services division of the bidvest group .
enli health intelligence is a privately held software company based in beaverton , oregon , and previously in hillsboro , oregon . founded in 2001 as kryptiq corporation , the company specializes in electronic medical records and secure communications between physicians and patients . the 125-employee company was purchased by surescripts in 2012 , which was a previous investor in the company . annual revenues at the time of the sale were approximately $ 25 million .
geox is an italian brand of shoe and clothing manufactured with waterproof/breathable fabrics .
lobbyit is a bipartisan lobbying firm headquartered in washington , d.c. it was founded as a one-man shop in 2009 by company president paul kanitra . by 2014 , lobbyit had grown to seven employees and projected $ 1 million in annual revenue . the firm is known for its pricing structure , which is unique among dc lobbying firms : it offers its clients set monthly prices based on a tier system with retainers that are much lower than traditional lobbying firms and month-to-month contracts .
jk harris & company , llc , founded in 1997 , was a tax representation firm in the united states .
archaia , formerly known as archaia studios press , is an imprint of american comic book and graphic novel publisher boom ! studios . archaia entertainment , llc was originally an american comic book publishing company established by mark smylie in 2002 . on june 24 , 2013 , archaia was acquired by boom ! studios and became a wholly owned imprint .
afrihost is a south african internet service provider providing a number of services , including adsl broadband and web hosting . the company was established in 2000 by ceo gian visser , brendan armstrong and peter meintjes , who were later joined by greg payne . originally a web hosting and general it services company , afrihost joined the broadband market in 2009 .
sarris candies , inc. , is a specialty chocolate and candies company based in canonsburg , pennsylvania , approximately 18 miles southwest of pittsburgh . it was founded in 1960 by frank sarris .
wilsons leather is a u.s. leather retailer , selling products such as leather jackets , belts , shoes , handbags , and gloves . at its peak in 2002 , the minneapolis-based retailer had 763 stores in 46 states and canada .
loki entertainment software , inc. was a video game developer based in tustin , california , united states , that ported several video games from microsoft windows to linux . it took its name from the norse deity loki . although successful in its goal of bringing games to the linux platform , the company eventually closed due to financial troubles , with it declaring chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in august 2001 , and finally being disbanded in january 2002 .
personal capital is an online financial advisor and personal wealth management company headquartered in san carlos , california with offices in san francisco , ca and denver , co.
elder dempster lines was a uk shipping company that traded from 1932 to 2000 , but had its origins in the mid-19th century .
kelda group is a british utility company . it is based in bradford , england . it was formerly listed on the london stock exchange and a constituent of the ftse 100 index , but was taken private by a group of investors , saltaire water , in 2008 . saltaire water members include citibank and hsbc holdings .
the shubert organization is a theatrical producing organization and a major owner of theatres based in manhattan , new york city . it was founded by the three shubert brothers in the late 19th century . they steadily expanded , owning many theaters in new york and across the country . since then it has gone through changes of ownership , but is still a major theater chain .
booksactually is an independent bookstore located in singapores tiong bahru district .
level platforms was a provider of remote monitoring and management software products and services for managed services providers , it service providers and valued added resellers that provide it support services for small and medium size businesses and branch offices . it was purchased by avg technologies in 2013 and was merged into the company .
nextio , inc was an information technology company based in austin , texas , providing solutions for pcie expansion and i/o virtualization for traditional data centers and hpc environments . nextio was considered one of the original founding contributors to the creation of the iov space .
venture stores , inc. was a chain of retail stores aimed at the discount department store market . john geisse , of target stores , and may department stores executive vice president dave babcock founded the chain in 1968 . venture stores expanded to operate over 70 stores with major market share in st. louis , chicago and kansas city , and expanded across various areas in the united states over a period of nearly 30 years , becoming the largest discount chain in chicago .
olea medical is a provider of advanced mr and ct perfusion imaging post-processing , and designs and markets innovative medical imaging applications aimed at improving diagnostic processes and treatment evaluation . the company is concerned with the post-processing applications field , and offers solutions to help physicians in their diagnostic and follow-up processes . olea medicals headquarters are in france there is a subsidiary in cambridge , massachusetts for its north american operations .
solarjoos is a solar power company founded in 2008 . the company builds an efficient and rugged portable solar charger used to charge cell phones and other portable electronic devices . the companys product , the joos orange , won the 2011 consumer electronics associations best of innovations award and was featured in the best of innovations showcase at the 2011 ces event in las vegas , nevada .
gray coach was an inter-city bus line based in toronto , ontario , from 1927 to 1991 .
equitas small finance bank is a small finance bank founded in 2007 by equitas as a microfinance lender , with headquarters in chennai , india . after receiving license from the reserve bank of india on 30 june 2016 , equitas began banking operations on 5 september 2016 as a subsidiary of holding company equitas holdings ltd. with effect from 4 february 2017 , equitas became a scheduled bank .
tellepsen builders is a construction company founded by tom tellepsen in houston , texas in 1909 . the company has been family owned and operated for four generations , and was created during a period when houston was rapidly expanding . tellepsen builders has been recognized as a safety leader in the construction field , and was recently noted for completing more than 4.5 million man-hours with no time lost due to injury over the past four years .
crawford composites is an american automotive and aerospace company based in denver , north carolina . it was founded by max crawford and his wife jan crawford their daughter catherine crawford is senior project manager and aerodynamics engineer . french racecar manufacturer onroak automotive bought the motorsports division in october 2016 , with the crawford family continuing working in the company .
baugur group was an icelandic investment company . the group began as a supermarket and general retail company in iceland , before diversifying to own a number of businesses at its peak , primarily in the united kingdom . baugur was heavily affected by the icelandic financial crisis that began in 2008 , and applied for bankruptcy protection in february 2009 . its largest creditor landsbanki applied to place baugurs uk arm , bg holdings , into administration that month .
bleichert , short for adolf bleichert & co. , was a famous german engineering firm founded in 1874 by adolf bleichert . the company dominated the aerial wire ropeway industry during the first half of the 20th century , and its portfolio included cranes , electric cars , elevators , and mining and ship-loading equipment .
ashiana housing ltd. is an indian real estate development company established in 1979 with its head office in new delhi , india . it was the only indian real estate company to be recognized by forbes as asias 200 best under a billion . ashiana housing is a mid-income housing developer with primary focus on senior living and care homes for the elderly .
deluxe entertainment services group inc. , often referred to as deluxe , creates , transforms , localizes , and distributes content . clients include motion-picture groups , television studios , digital content providers and advertising agencies .
argo group international holdings , ltd , or argo group , is a bermuda-based international underwriter of specialty insurance and reinsurance products in the property and casualty market . in 2017 , the san antonio express news wrote that the company has made more than $ 1 billion in profit over the last decade as a mid-sized player in a niche field insuring complex or hard-to-price risks other insurers wont touch . argo was listed on the new york stock exchange in may 2018 .
the one total home experience , stylized the one , is a furniture retail company founded by swedish entrepreneur and philanthropist thomas lundgren . as of december 2014 , the home fashion brand has a total of 18 stores across the middle east and north africa in bahrain , iraq , jordan , kuwait , lebanon , qatar , tunisia and the united arab emirates , with a total staff complement of over 700 .
taylor guitars is an american guitar manufacturer based in el cajon , california and is the # 2 manufacturer of acoustic guitars in the united states . they specialize in acoustic guitars and semi-hollow electric guitars . the company was founded in 1974 by bob taylor and kurt listug .
king of the dot entertainment , also known as kotd , is a rap battle league founded in toronto , ontario , canada in 2008 . the companys hq is based in toronto , from which it gets its name . successful music artists such as 360 , and madchild have battled in king of the dot .
save mart supermarkets is an american grocery store operator . it owns and operates stores under the names of save mart , s-mart foods , lucky and foodmaxx . the stores are located in northern california and northern nevada .
southern shorthaul railroad is an australian rail freight services operator in new south wales and victoria . they also provide workshop services such as rollingstock manufacturing and wagon and locomotive maintenance .
atlantic southeast airlines was an american airline based in the a-tech center in college park , georgia , flying to 144 destinations as a delta connection carrier and , as of february 2010 , commenced service as a united express carrier . it was a wholly owned subsidiary of skywest , inc. asa operated nearly 900 flights each day . its main hub was at hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport .
the new zealand post office was a new zealand government department . as a government department , the new zealand post office or n.z.p.o. , previously the post and telegraph department or p & t , had as the political head the postmaster general who was a member of cabinet , and , when it was a separate department the minister of telegraphs .
indraprastha gas limited , is one of indias leading natural gas distribution companies . established in 1998 , the company operates primarily in the national capital region of new delhi .
matrix partners is a us-based private equity investment firm focusing on venture capital investments . the firm invests in seed and early-stage companies in the united states and india , particularly in the software , communications , semiconductors , data storage , internet or wireless sectors . the firm has offices in cambridge , massachusetts , palo alto , california , mumbai , india and beijing , china .
chassis plans is an american military and industrial computer systems manufacturer specializing in rackmount computers , military computers , rugged computers , industrial pcs , rackmount lcds , single-board computer systems with passive and active backplanes and motherboard systems . chassis plans is a spin-off of industrial computer source .
beckett comics started as a comic book-publishing imprint of beckett publications . it was founded in 2002 . originally , all of its titles were sold at a lower price than their competition . yet , despite that , the production values were higher than what their competition offered for their usual products .
alfred mcalpine plc was a british construction firm headquartered in hooton , cheshire . it was a major road builder , and constructed over 10 % of britains motorways , including the m6 toll . it was listed on the london stock exchange until it was acquired by carillion in 2008 .
nambarrie is the brand name of a tea company based in andover , hampshire , now owned by twinings . nambarrie tea co. ltd. now operates delivery depots in mallusk , county antrim and glasgow , being the third biggest brand in scotland .
r3 is an independent global marketing consultancy specializing in improving the efficiency and effectiveness of marketers and their agencies . founded in 2002 , r3 is made up of a team of over 100 professionals based in the us , asia pacific , europe , and latin america . using proprietary processes and tools in the areas of marketing investment and agency relations , r3 provides agency management consulting to eight of the worlds top twenty marketers .
allsteel was founded in 1912 as allsteelequip company and started out manufacturing custom metal objects , especially electrical equipment . the name was changed in 1929 to all-steel-equip company . in the 1920s , the company began to branch out and started producing kitchen cabinets and refrigerated food lockers . requests for metal file cabinets were becoming common , so the company bought out a supplier , the aurora metal cabinet company , in 1936 to enter this market .
smiles s.a. is a brazilian company which manages smiles loyalty program , the former frequent-flyer program of varig , a brazilian carrier , now switched to gol linhas areas inteligentes s.a. .
lowermybills.com is a consumer finance corporate website that connects prospective mortgage borrowers to lenders . it was founded by matt coffin in 1999 . the site connects consumers who respond to their marketing with service providers . core digital media is the parent company of lowermybills.com . core digital medias corporate offices are in los angeles , california , united states .
aera energy llc is a natural gas , oil exploration and production company jointly owned by shell oil company and exxonmobil headquartered in bakersfield , california . in addition , aera energy llc is a california limited liability company , and one of californias largest oil and natural gas producers , with an approximate 2015 revenues of over $ 2 billion . aera is operated as a stand-alone company through its board of managers .1 .
united hotels company of america , also known as united hotels company , was a chain of upscale hotels in the united states . the company was headquartered in niagara falls , new york , with administrative offices in new york city . the company was founded in 1910 by frank a. dudley and by the 1930s , the company was the largest hotel group in the world under one control .
infinidb was a database management software company based in frisco , texas . the company developed infinidb , a scalable , software-only columnar database management system for analytic applications . infinidb is a scalable database built for big data analytics , business intelligence , data warehousing and other read-intensive applications . infinidbs column-store architecture enables very quick load and query times .
encompass insurance is a subsidiary of allstate corporation and is one of the largest personal property and casualty insurance brands sold exclusively through a network of more than 2,400 independent agents . the company that would become encompass was founded in 1897 and officially became the encompass insurance company in the 1990s . the company has its headquarters in northfield township , illinois , near northbrook , illinois .
mechanics cooperative bank is a savings bank headquartered in taunton , massachusetts . the bank has 9 branches , 8 of which are in bristol county , massachusetts .
national electric vehicle sweden ab , abbreviated as nevs , is a swedish holding company that has acquired the assets of saab from a bankruptcy estate in 2012 . the company focuses on the development of electric vehicles . nevs will be the trademark of the companys products including the first electric vehicle based on the 9-3 platform with start in 2017 . on june 21 , 2016 , nevs announced they will no longer use the saab trademark .
cabriana sea skiffs is a boutique maker of custom sea skiffs built out of fiberglass and teak . it is located in pensacola , florida .
southern cross transit is an australian operator of school bus and charter services in the western suburbs of brisbane and ipswich in south east queensland .
garena is a consumer internet platform provider based in asia . it was founded in singapore in 2009 , by current chairman and group ceo , forrest li . garena exclusively distributes game titles on garena + in various countries across southeast asia and taiwan , such as the multiplayer online battle arena games league of legends and heroes of newerth , the online soccer game fifa online 3 and the first-person shooter games , point blank and alliance of valiant arms .
joy and tom studios , inc. produces hand sculpted prototypes for the pre-painted statues and collectibles industry . the company , located in sanford , florida , was founded in 1983 by joy and tom snyder . their portfolio of work consists of many statues , busts , and portraits based on licensed properties from companies such as disney , warner brothers , marvel comics , dc comics , and others .
vidgital , formerly and still commonly known as vid is a soviet and russian tv production company . vidgital produces shows for channel one russia , ntv and otr . it is best known for producing the television programmes wait for me , designed to help people find loved ones and pole chudes which is a popular russian version of wheel of fortune .
mystic entertainment is a south korean entertainment company established by south korean singer-songwriter yoon jong-shin .
saskatoon co-operative association limited is a retail cooperative operating in saskatoon , saskatchewan , canada .
mercator limited is an indian company . it was earlier known as mercator lines ltd. the mercator group of companies has diversified business interests in coal , oil & gas , commodity transportation , and dredging . mercator limited is the parent company and is the second largest private sector shipping company in india , and it is based in mumbai . it has recently forayed into the offshore business with its subsidiaries mercator oil and gas ltd and mercator offshore ltd.
chemring group is a global business providing a range of advanced technology products and services to the aerospace , defence and security markets . chemring has extensive operations in the americas , europe , middle east and asia . it is headquartered in romsey and is listed on the london stock exchange .
eggenfellner aircraft inc was an american aircraft engine manufacturer , founded by jan eggenfellner and based in edgewater , volusia county , florida . the company specialized in the design and manufacture of engines for homebuilt aircraft .
midhurst brickworks is a former brickworks situated to the south-west of midhurst , west sussex in england . the works were sited close to the midhurst common railway station on the midhurst to petersfield railway line . the works were established in 1913 , on land owned by the cowdray estate , and closed in 1985 .
fuqi international is a designer of precious metal jewelry for the luxury goods market in china . it also manufactures jewelry items that contain diamonds and other precious stones on a custom-order basis . fuqi is a delaware corporation with its principal executive office located in shenzen , china .
provident financial plc is a british sub-prime lender , also described as a doorstep lender , based in bradford , west yorkshire . it specialises in credit cards , home collected credit , online loans and consumer car finance . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
carnation auto is a multi-brand automotive sales and service company headquartered in noida , india .
manpowergroup is a fortune 500 american multinational corporation headquartered in milwaukee , wisconsin . founded in 1948 by elmer winter and aaron scheinfeld , manpowergroup is the third-largest staffing firm in the world behind swiss firm adecco and dutch firm randstad .
whittman-hart was a services company dealing with digital communications .
southwest gas holdings , inc. is an investor-owned utility based in las vegas , nevada , united states . the company provides natural gas service to over 2 million residential , commercial , and industrial customers in parts of arizona , nevada , and california .
numecent is an irvine , california-based software company that develops virtualization technology used to deliver native software applications from cloud computing servers . the patented technology , called cloudpaging , allows the delivery of pre-virtualized software instructions to a users machine on-demand , where the instructions are executed as soon as they are received .
the first generation company of the wholesale electricity market was a large russian company formed by the merger of six electricity generation companies .
yates is a horticultural supply company primarily for the home gardening market in new zealand and australia .
bourjois is a french cosmetics company currently owned by the american group coty inc. bourjois creates make-up , fragrance and skincare products , which are sold in approximately 23 000 points of sales in more than 50 countries worldwide , as of 2015 . the brand was born in 1862 into the world of paris scene of theater and performing arts with the creation of the round-shaped face powder by joseph-albert ponsin .
the coffee bean & tea leaf is an american coffee chain founded in 1963 . it is owned and operated by international coffee & tea , llc , which has its corporate headquarters in los angeles , california . as of 2017 , the chain has over 1,000 self-owned and franchised stores in the united states and 31 other countries .
alexander shorokhoff uhrenmanufaktur is a german company producing mechanical luxury wristwatches with highly artistic design . the head-quarters of the company is located in alzenau , germany . in semptember 2017 , the manufacturer celebrated its 25th anniversary . annual sales number approximately 1100 pieces .
keumyoung group , hanja : , originally kumyoung -RRB- is a korean company based in seoul , south korea . its main areas of business are manufacturing of computer music player and audio system , digital music content .
fox interactive was a video game publisher and developer mainly concerned with titles based on 20th century fox properties .
azerenergy -RRB- is the largest electrical power producer in the republic of azerbaijan . it also maintains the largest distribution network in the country , although the regional power networks are being privatized . azerenergy was recreated as a state-owned joint stock company in 1996 , by decree of president heydar aliyev .
mytv is an arab american provider of arabic live channels and video on demand in north and south america , australia and new zealand , using over-the-top technology .
intralinks holdings , inc. , founded in 1996 , is a global technology provider of inter-enterprise content management and collaboration solutions . its products serve the enterprise collaboration and strategic transaction markets , enablings the exchange , control , and management of information between organizations .
schwan-stabilo is a german maker of pens for writing , colouring and cosmetics as well as markers and highlighters for office use . it is the worlds largest manufacturer of highlighter pens , stabilo boss .
hm capital partners was a private equity firm in the united states that specialized in leveraged buyouts . the firm was previously known as hicks , muse , tate & furst . it was founded in 1989 by tom hicks and john muse as hicks , muse & co. and was changed in 1994 to reflect the roles of charles tate and jack furst .
le.com , known legally as leshi internet information and technology corp. , beijing , was a chinese technology company , and one of the largest online video companies in china . it is headquartered in chaoyang district , beijing . leshi internet formerly trading as letv in english instead of le.com . however , leshi internet still operate the brand leshi video in chinese .
tramp press is a publishing company founded in dublin in 2014 by lisa coen and sarah davis-goff . it is an independent publisher that specialises in irish fiction . the company is named after john millington synges tramp , a reference to the bold outsider .
pikimal is a website , designed as a decision engine that uses consumer input to provide specialized search results for products and categories . unlike typical search engines , pikimal mines data to provide users with only the facts pertaining to their search , as a hopeful solution to seo and marketing biased search results . as of april 2011 , pikimal had 13 full-time employees in pittsburgh , pa , interns , and various contractors around the world .
established in 1999 in surrey uk , nextbase is the market-leading manufacturer of dash cams , as well as producing other in-car technology including dvd players .
the iraq economic development group is an apolitical private limited company established in united kingdom that facilitates financial services in britain . its official abbreviated form is iedg_uk ltd and its abbreviated form is commonly used . iedg_uk ltd. is headquartered in bradford , west yorkshire .
stout risius ross , llc . is a leading valuation advisory , investment banking , dispute consulting , and management consulting firm founded in 1991 and headquartered in chicago .
naissance capital is a swiss investment boutique that finds or creates niche investment opportunities . naissance capital was founded in 1999 with the assistance sir john templeton and several families of considerable means .
capitol music group sweden is a swedish music company , which forms part of universal music sweden . the company was formed following universal music swedens full ownership acquisition of lionheart music group . the company consists of several record labels as well as operations in music production and publishing , artist management , and live-entertainment production .
snak king is a privately owned snack food manufacturer headquartered in industry , california . snak king manufactures potato chips , tortilla chips , nuts , popcorn and other snacks under private label as well its own proprietary brand names . the company is one of the largest manufacturers of snack foods in the united states , employing about 950 people and operating more than 600,000 square feet of manufacturing and warehouse space .
esg solutions is a geophysical products and services company specializing in microseismic monitoring . esg manufactures and installs microseismic instrumentation and performs microseismic data processing and interpretation services . it is headquartered in kingston , ontario , canada , with operations in calgary , houston , denver and beijing and offices in perth and dubai . 2013 marks esgs 20th anniversary of providing microseismic services .
mitchell international , inc. is an american company based in san diego , ca , which develops software used by the automotive industry to manage collision and medical claims , parts and labor estimates , and glass replacement quotes . mitchell operates throughout the united states and canada , and processes more than 50 million transactions a year for more than 300 insurance companies , more than 30,000 collision repair facilities , independent adjusters , and other vehicle repair participants .
sahlens or sahlen packing co. , inc. is an american meat processing company headquartered in buffalo , new york . the company was founded by joseph sahlen in 1869 , and specializes in hot dogs . sahlens , however , also markets beef , smokehouse ham , and turkey breast products .
stanjames.com was a remote gambling operator offering online , on mobile and telephone sports betting , casino , games and poker . it was a significant part of the stan james brand which began life in 1973 as a single betting shop in wantage , oxfordshire . in the forty years since , the brand had grown to become one of the most trusted names in uk betting and gaming .
family fare is an american supermarket chain . a division of spartannash , it has operated stores in michigan since 1966 , expanded into north dakota in 2014 , nebraska in 2015 , iowa in 2016 , and south dakota in 2017 .
taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company , limited , also known as taiwan semiconductor , is the worlds largest dedicated independent semiconductor foundry , with its headquarters and main operations located in the hsinchu science and industrial park in hsinchu , taiwan .
chugach alaska corporation , or cac , is one of thirteen alaska native regional corporations created under the alaska native claims settlement act of 1971 in settlement of aboriginal land claims . chugach alaska corporation was incorporated in alaska on june 23 , 1972 . headquartered in anchorage , alaska , chugach alaska corporation is a for-profit corporation with over 2,200 alaska native shareholders primarily of chugach alutiiq , eyak , and tlingit descent .
astilleros argentinos ro de la plata s.a. was an argentine shipyard . its core business was built and repair of ships and locomotives . it also manufactured pipes , industrial machinery , and tractors . it went out of business in 1994 .
nexi s.p.a. formerly known as istituto centrale delle banche popolari italiane s.p.a. is an italian bank that was specialize as a central institution of italian popular bank . . the bank now specialize in payment system such as nexi payments .
national housing bank , a wholly owned subsidiary of reserve bank of india , was set up on 9 july 1988 under the national housing bank act , 1987 . nhb is an apex financial institution for housing . nhb has been established with an objective to operate as a principal agency to promote housing finance institutions both at local and regional levels and to provide financial and other support incidental to such institutions and for matters connected therewith .
thales nederland b.v. is a subsidiary of thales group involved primarily in naval defence systems . other areas of business include air defence , communications , optronics , cryogenic cooling systems and navigation products .
the vestax corporation was a japanese musical instrument , turntable and audio equipment firm founded by hidesato shiino in 1977 . the company started by designing and manufacturing electronic guitars . in the 1980s , vestax produced multitracks recorders and later move to making dj mixers , professional turntables , compact disc players and signal processors . debt troubles lead to the companys bankruptcy at the end of 2014 .
channel 13 is an argentine television network and the flagship station of the same network , located in the capital of argentina , buenos aires .
vodafone albania sh . a. is a mobile telephone company , operating in albania . vodafone albania sh . a. is a subsidiary of vodafone group plc a global telecommunications leader .
global dental relief volunteers have been working since 2001 to bring dental care to children overseas . gdr now works in six countries nepal , india , vietnam , guatemala , kenya , and the newest location , cambodia . in 2014 , 249 dedicated volunteers served 13,000 children with $ 6.3 million in donated dental care in these six countries . gdrs mission is to engage diverse groups of dental professionals and non-dental volunteers to bring free dental care to children in need throughout the world .
bremen castings , inc is a 4th generation family owned manufacturer of machined complete gray & ductile iron castings for heavy truck , valves & pipe fittings , pump components , compressors , lawn/garden equipment , and military contract work . bci is headquartered in bremen , indiana .
ampco metal is a diversified speciality alloy engineering company working primarily in copper based alloys , non-sparking safety tools and speciality welding products . the switzerland based company is a manufacturer of engineered alloys of different compositions and properties , intended for specific uses in the aerospace , automotive , energy conservation , manufacturing and other industries .
t3 is an independent advertising agency headquartered in austin , texas and offices in new york city , atlanta and san francisco . the agency , which focuses on building useful brands , was founded in 1989 by ceo gay gaddis . t3 is one of the largest independent agencies owned by a woman in the united states , with capitalized billings over $ 230 million . .
gulf keystone petroleum limited is an oil and gas exploration and production company operating in the kurdistan region of iraq . it is listed on the main market of the london stock exchange . the company is registered in bermuda with branch offices in arbil , kurdistan , algiers , algeria , and london , uk . through its subsidiary , gulf keystone petroleum international , the company owns production sharing contracts for four exploration blocks in iraqi kurdistan .
sharp solar , a subsidiary of sharp electronics , is a solar energy products company owned by sharp corporation and based in osaka , japan .
otto is an american self-driving technology company founded in january 2016 by lior ron and anthony levandowski . the company is based in san francisco and employees 90 people as of august 2016 . the company focuses on retrofitting semi trucks with radars , cameras and laser sensors to make them capable of driving themselves . in august 2016 , otto was acquired by the transportation network company uber .
tods murray llp ws was a mid-tier scottish commercial legal firm with offices in edinburgh and glasgow and 2011 turnover of 13.1 m , placing it at number 144 in the lawyer magazines list of the two hundred largest uk firms . the firm appointed administrators on 3 october 2014 and the firm was bought out by shepherd and wedderburn .
lycos , inc. , is a web search engine and web portal established in 1994 , spun out of carnegie mellon university . lycos also encompasses a network of email , webhosting , social networking , and entertainment websites .
target australia is a mid-price department store chain owned by wesfarmers . it is australias largest department store chain by store number , operating 303 stores throughout the country - 178 target stores and 125 target country stores . products it sells include branded clothing , cosmetics , homewares , electronics , fitness and consumer electronics .
the crown property bureau is the quasi-government agency responsible for managing the property of the crown of the kingdom of thailand . the bureau is legally defined as a juristic person and not a government agency . it has no tax obligations . the king appoints six members of the bureaus governing board , with the seventh the sitting minister of finance of thailand .
blind is a skateboard company founded by mark gonzales in 1989 under steve roccos world industries distribution company . gonzales has since left the company and today the company continues under the ownership of dwindle distribution . the company produces decks , wheels , soft goods and accessories . the companys logo for many years was a stylized grim reaper .
green bay net , is a web design and web development agency headquartered in green bay , wisconsin , usa .
caliber comics or caliber press is an american comic book publisher founded in 1989 by gary reed . featuring primarily creator-owned comics , in the next decade caliber published over 1300 comics and ranked as one of americas leading independent publishers . caliber ceased publishing in 2000 . some time after its return was announced in 2014 , reed died suddenly in 2016 .
pubnub is a global data stream network and realtime infrastructure-as-a-service company based in san francisco , california . the company makes products for software and hardware developers to build realtime web , mobile , and internet of things applications .
club 3d , founded in 1997 as colour power , is a dutch brand of video cards and digital multimedia products such as tv tuner cards and digital sound cards for pcs , featuring amd graphics chipsets and technologies . from medio 2016 club 3d is fully focussed on high quality connectivity solutions such as cable adapters , video spliters / multi stream transport hubs , universal docking stationsa and external usb graphics products .
life style sports is irelands largest sports retailer , operating 64 outlets spread across the republic of ireland and northern ireland . they stock sporting goods and sport fashions .
troika games was a video game developer co-founded by jason anderson , tim cain and leonard boyarsky . the company was focused on role-playing video games between 1998 and 2005 , best known for arcanum : of steamworks and magick obscura and vampire : the masquerade bloodlines .
the metric hosiery company was a new york city clothing manufacturing firm .
opentext corporation is a canadian company that develops and sells enterprise information management software . opentext , headquartered in waterloo , ontario , canada , is canadas largest software company as of 2014 and recognized as one of canadas top 100 employers 2016 by mediacorp canada inc. opentext software applications manage content or unstructured data for large companies , government agencies , and professional service firms .
le gourmet chef is a high-end american consumer retail company that sells an assortment of gourmet foods , kitchenware and home entertaining products . it is a subsidiary of kitchen collection , owned by nacco industries . le gourmet chef is headquartered in chillicothe , ohio . the company caters to anyone from a novice cook to a gifted entertainer or seasoned chef . its goal is to provide a fun and entertaining shopping experience .
mixamo -LRB- -RRB- is a 3d computer graphics technology company . based in san francisco , the company develops and sells web-based services for 3d character animation . mixamos technologies use machine learning methods to automate the steps of the character animation process , including 3d modeling to rigging and 3d animation . mixamo is spun-off of stanford university and has raised over $ 11 million from investors granite ventures , keynote ventures , stanford university and amd ventures .
turkcell is the leading mobile phone operator of turkey , based in istanbul . the company has 34.4 million subscribers as of september 30 , 2011 . in 2015 , the companys number of subscribers climbed to 68.9 million , in nine countries largest shareholder is telia finland oyj with 51 % ownership . it is one of the worlds biggest companies list published by fortune .
railtrack was a group of companies that owned the track , signalling , tunnels , bridges , level crossings and all but a handful of the stations of the british railway system from 1994 until 2002 . it was created as part of the privatisation of british rail , listed on the london stock exchange , and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index . in 2002 , after experiencing major financial difficulty , most of railtracks operations were transferred to the state-controlled non-profit company network rail .
agilent technologies is an american public research , development and manufacturing company established in 1999 as a spin-off from hewlett-packard . the resulting ipo of agilent stock was the largest in the history of silicon valley at the time . the company provides analytical instruments , software , services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow .
shantha biotechnics is an indian biotechnology company based in hyderabad . it is the first indian company to develop , manufacture and market recombinant human healthcare products in india . the company is a wholly owned subsidiary of sanofi group .
spinvox was a start-up company that is now a subsidiary of global speech technology company nuance communications , an american multinational computer software technology corporation , headquartered in burlington , massachusetts , united states on the outskirts of boston , that provides speech and imaging applications .
mediclinic international plc , founded in 1983 , is an international private hospital group with operations in south africa , namibia , switzerland and the united arab emirates . the groups head office is based in stellenbosch , south africa . it has been listed on the jse , the south african securities exchange , since 1986 . it is also listed on the london stock exchange and its is a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
icom simulations was a software company based in wheeling , illinois . it is best known for creating the macventure series of adventure games including shadowgate . following the foundation in 1981 a number of game titles for the panasonic jr-200 were produced . later products for the apple macintosh included the debugger tmon and an application launching utility called oncue .
nbc sports is the programming division of the american broadcast network nbc , owned by the nbcuniversal television group division of nbcuniversal , that is responsible for sports broadcasts on the network , and its dedicated national sports cable channels .
sako , limited is a finnish firearm and ammunition manufacturer located in riihimki , tavastia proper in southern finland . it also owns the tikka brand of bolt-action rifles since 1983 , and is now owned by the italian firearm holding company beretta holding .
engage mutual assurance was a financial products provider based in harrogate , north yorkshire . it operated as a mutual friendly society with no shareholders , and was owned by its 500,000 members . in 2015 , engage mutual merged with family investments to become onefamily , moving its headquarters to brighton , east sussex .
funds2orgs is a orlando , florida based social enterprise company . founded in 2013 , funds2orgs works with organizations to help them raise money collecting used and new shoes that are distributed to microentrepreneurs in developing nations .
mcharrys buslines is a family-owned bus company in geelong , victoria , dating back to 1932 . it operates public transport bus routes in geelong , and on the bellarine peninsula and the surf coast , as well as school bus and charter services . the companys main depot is in breakwater , and there are smaller depots in torquay , ocean grove , queenscliff and drysdale . there used to be a depot in portarlington but it has been replaced by the one at drysdale .
bursa malaysia berhad is an exchange holding company approved under section 15 of the capital markets and services act 2007 . it operates a fully integrated exchange , offering the complete range of exchange-related services including trading , clearing , settlement and depository services . on 18 may 2015 , the myx joined the united nations sustainable stock exchanges initiative as part the sses regional dialogue in bangkok hosted by the stock exchange of thailand .
piranha press , an imprint of dc comics from 1989 to 1994 , was a response by dc to the growing interest in alternative comics . the imprint was edited by mark nevelow , who instead of developing comics with the established names in the alternative comics field , chose to introduce several unknown illustrators with an eclectic and diverse line of experimental graphic novels and stories .
society awards is an american company best known for its custom design and manufacturing of high-profile entertainment industry awards , including the emmy award , golden globe award , and glaad media award , among others .
italjet moto srl is an italian manufacturer of motorcycles , headquartered in castel san pietro terme , bologna , italy . the company was founded in 1959 in san lazzaro , bologna by leopoldo tartarini .
image comics is an american comic book publisher . it was founded in 1992 by several high-profile illustrators as a venue for creator-owned properties , in which comics creators could publish material of their own creation without giving up the copyrights to those properties , as is normally the case in the work for hire-dominated american comics industry , in which the legal author is a publisher , such as marvel comics or dc comics , and the creator is an employee of that publisher .
larian studios is a belgian video game developer which was founded in 1996 by swen vincke . it focuses on developing role-playing video games and educational games , apart from ledwars which is a hardcore strategy game and a number of casino games .
psa international pte ltd is one of the worlds largest port operators .
the stellar group , inc. is a privately owned design , engineering , construction and mechanical services firm headquartered in jacksonville , florida , and founded in 1985 . the july , 2013 issue of florida trend magazine listed stellar as floridas 60th-largest private company , and reported that it employed 639 people , including architects , engineers , constructors , refrigeration specialists and technicians .
awareness technologies is an american corporation headquartered in westport , connecticut that develops , manufactures , licenses , and sells computer monitoring and cell phone monitoring software as a service .
nooter eriksen , also known as nooter/eriksen or n/e , is a supplier of heat recovery steam generators , which are mostly found in combined cycle gas turbine power stations . these are also found in combined heat and power systems , which tend to have a much smaller power output than ccgt stations .
utc climate , controls & security is a global provider of building technologies offering fire safety , security , building automation , heating , ventilating , air-conditioning and refrigeration systems and services . a wholly owned subsidiary of united technologies corporation , utc climate , controls & security is a $ 16.7 billion company with 55,000 employees serving customers in more than 180 countries .
nordeus is a serbian independent mobile game developer headquartered in belgrade . the studios debut game is top eleven football manager , a free-to-play social football management simulation game . in 2013 , the game reached the top of the top grossing charts in 23 countries on android , and 68 countries on appstore , according to data from app annie . the company is self-funded and one of europes fastest-growing companies in the field of computer games .
centric holdings s.a , also known as centric , is a greek public company , trading in the athex since 2002 . its 2015 financial year turnover stood at circa 859m .
transportadora de gas del sur is the largest natural gas extractor in argentina . the company was established in 1992 , after the privatization of gas del estado , the state owned company that maintained the pipelines . it is the most important gas supplier in argentina , operating the biggest pipeline system of the country and of latin america .
red lion hotels corporation is an american hospitality corporation that primarily engages in the franchising , management and ownership of upscale , midscale and economy hotels . the company also operates an entertainment and event ticket distribution division , ticketswest . red lion , headquartered in denver , colorado , has 73,200 rooms across more than 1,100 properties in north america .
shamrock holdings is the firm founded as the roy e. disney family investment firm and the disney family remains a key investor . roy was its chairman , and stanley gold its president/ceo . shamrock owns a number of assets including hotels and radio and television stations . shamrock often takes an aggressive strategy , launching hostile takeovers . shamrock is a private corporation , owned 100 % by the estate of roy e. disney .
pars khodro is an iranian automobile manufacturer . it was the first manufacturer of sport utility vehicles in iran .
ironwood pharmaceuticals , inc is a publicly traded pharmaceutical company .
volfas engelman is an alcohol beverage producer in kaunas , lithuania . as of 2009 , 99.57 % of volfas engelman shares belong to finnish company group olvi plc. it is one of the most modern light alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages producer in lithuania , which produces and sells beer , kvass , cider , alcohol cocktails , and energy drinks .
mediangels is an india-based multi-speciality e-hospital service provider , managed by angels health private limited , a private medical consulting firm . debraj shome and arbinder singal are the co-founders .
air arabia egypt is a low-cost carrier based in egypt . the airline is a joint venture between the egyptian travel and tourism company , travco group , and air arabia . the head office is in king mariout in alexandria . the airline secured it operating license from the egyptian authorities on the 22 may 2010 and began commercial operations on 1 june 2010 . the airline is based at alexandrias borg el arab airport .
john bateman harcourt established the harcourts real-estate company in wellington , new zealand , in 1888 .
gameface labs is an american technology company that develops hardware and software solutions for the consumer virtual reality market , and was founded in 2013 by edward mason . the companys headquarters are in san francisco , with international offices in london , united kingdom . the companys first product is a standalone headset that features an onboard nvidia tegra soc and does not require a tethered connection to a computer or console in order to operate .
axium is a privately held software company founded in 1993 and based in portland , oregon . axium has created accounting , project management , and business development software for the architecture and engineering industries . axium was named one of the fastest-growing private companies by the portland business journal in 2008 , 2009 , and 2010 . axium was rated as one of the top 100 companies to work for in the state of oregon in 2009 and 2010 by oregon business magazine .
based in redmond , washington xkl , llc , was founded in 1991 and develops optical transport technologies . xkl is led by cisco systems co-founder len bosack who also used to work for dec and bell labs . under bosack , cisco commercialized local area network technology to connect geographically to computers over a multiprotocol router system .
snchal was a french automobile manufacturer between 1921 and 1929 .
the atlantic telegraph company was a company formed on 6 november 1856 to undertake and exploit a commercial telegraph cable across the atlantic ocean , the first such telecommunications link .
freeman spogli & co. is a private equity firm dedicated to investing with management in middle market companies in the consumer and distribution sectors through leveraged buyouts and recapitalizations . the firm invests in the united states .
irmscher automobilbau gmbh & co. kg is a german car tuning and manufacturing company , specialising in opel , peugeot and kia vehicles as well as working for the complete automotive industry as an engineering service provider . it was founded in 1968 in a double garage in the swabian town of winnenden by rally driver and mechanic gnther irmscher .
juan valdez caf is a multinational coffeehouse chain based in colombia that specializes in coffee retail . its purpose is to become a member of the worldwide coffee restaurant business , and promote colombian coffee . it was created by colombias national federation of coffee growers through procafecol s.a. the latter being a company established in 2002 . it was named after juan valdez , colombias longtime coffee icon and a household name in the united states .
independent news co. was a magazine and comic book distribution business owned by national periodical publications , the parent company of dc comics . independent news distributed all dc publications , as well as those of a few rival publishers , such as marvel comics from 1957 to 1969 , in addition to pulp and popular magazines . the company was founded in 1932 and operated until c. 1970 .
the hangzhou watch company is a watchmaking company located in hangzhou , china . founded in 1972 , its production range includes watches , watch movements and components .
egames , inc. was an american software publisher and developer for casual and traditional computer games based in langhorne , pennsylvania .
usu credit union is a division of goldenwest credit union , a federally chartered credit union based in ogden , utah , regulated under the authority of the ncua . as of january 1 , 2014 , goldenwest and usu credit union serve more than 106,000 members , hold over $ 1 billion in assets , and operate 26 branches in utah from smithfield to st george .
mam tor publishing is an english independent comic book publisher founded by liam sharp and his wife christina mccormack . the companys headquarters are in derby , east midlands . the name mam tor comes from the landmark high peak near castleton in the high peak of derbyshire , england .
national hearing care is an australian company that specialises in the provision of hearing healthcare services and products . it has over 190 clinics australia wide in both metropolitan and regional areas . nhc , national hearing care , along with bay audiology , was acquired by the amplifon group in 2010 .
information builders is a 40 + year old privately held software company headquartered in new york city . information builders is a leader in business intelligence , data integration and data quality solutions . their products and services have received top recognition from independent analyst research firms including gartner , forrester , ventana research , barc , dresner , and the data warehouse institute .
radview software develops load testing tool and performance monitoring for web and mobile applications that allows companies to accelerate the development and deployment of their web and mobile applications and enables the implementation of their strategies involving their websites . as of december 31 , 2013 , it had licensed its software to approximately 3,500 organizations .
metrojet was a no-frills airline brand operated as a wholly owned division of us airways from 1998 until 2001 .
keplers books and magazines is an independent bookstore in menlo park , california . it was founded on may 14 , 1955 by roy kepler . he previously had worked as a staff member of radio station kpfa , listener-supported and based in berkeley . the bookstore soon blossomed into a cultural epicenter and attracted loyal customers from the students and faculty of stanford university and from other members of the surrounding communities who were interested in serious books and ideas .
logisense is a privately owned software development company headquartered in cambridge , ontario canada . logisenses engageip software provides telecommunications billing , operational support systems , captive portal and bandwidth management solutions . traditionally logisense services growth ip markets with customers including digiweb , infosat communications , simplesignal , atria networks , telesphere , kmts among others .
roys of wroxham is a family owned group of general stores based in hoveton , norfolk in an area often referred to as wroxham . the store after winning a competition in the early 1930s uses the motto the worlds largest village store in all its advertising and literature .
nlayers is a company specializing in network discovery products software designed to map the entirety of hosts , services , etc. that run on a given organizations network . its primary product is nlayers insight .
raw thrills , inc. is an arcade game entertainment company based in skokie , illinois . it is best known for developing arcade games based on films .
smilegate is a south korean game company , which develops and services mobile and online games . it has five core business sectors - game development , publishing , platform , investment and social contribution . established in korea in 2002 , the company is the creator of crossfire , the worlds top online fps game with over six million concurrent players across the globe , and many more distinguished titles .
avocet mining plc is a west african-focussed gold mining and exploration company with its primary operations in burkina faso and guinea . the company is listed on the london stock exchange and the oslo brs .
cth public company limited , formerly known as cable thai holding public company limited , was a thai pay tv operator and internet broadband services provider . it was founded by a large group of cable television operators as cable thai holding , a holding company established for dealing and share its content .
clearcenter is headquartered in new zealand , and has its primary product offices in orem , utah , along with marketing , support , research and development facilities around the world , ranging from canada , taiwan , china , netherlands , uk and india helping to develop clearcenters hybrid products for an emerging type of managed service provider known as the emerging hybrid service provider .
schalker eisenhtte maschinenfabrik gmbh , also known as schalker , is a german engineering company , a manufacturer of industrial locomotives and coking ovens .
cadillac fairview corporation limited is a canadian company that invests in , owns , and manages commercial real estate , mainly in canada and the united states . as of march 2017 , the company had 73 properties , encompassing 38 million square feet , worth over $ 29 billion . as of september 2017 , cadillac fairviews portfolio consisted of 60 % canadian retail and 26 % canadian office buildings . cadillac fairview is owned by the ontario teachers pension plan .
steinbergs was a large family-owned canadian grocery store chain that mainly operated in the province of quebec and later ontario . in addition to its flagship supermarket chain , the company operated several subsidiaries across the country . the company went bankrupt in 1992 , three years after being sold to private interests , after 75 years in business .
consol energy inc. is an american energy company with interests in coal and natural gas production headquartered in the suburb of cecil township , in the southpointe complex , just outside pittsburgh , pennsylvania . in april 2017 , consol energy had divested all of its coal operations , except for the pennsylvania mine which it was in the process of spinning off into an independent company .
hvs is a consulting firm based in mineola , new york that specializes in providing services to the hospitality industry . as of 2015 , hvs operated out of 35 offices located in north america , europe , asia , south america , africa and the mid-east .
the swiss broadcasting corporation is the swiss public broadcasting association , founded in 1931 .
marathon pharmaceuticals llc was a privately held biopharmaceuticals company focused on drugs for people with rare diseases . the northbrook , illinois-based company developed and manufactured therapeutics and brought them to market . it employed 100 people in four global locations .
cloudinary is a saas technology company headquartered in sunnyvale , california , with an office in israel . the company provides a cloud-based image and video management solution . it enables users to upload , store , manage , manipulate and deliver images and video for websites and apps , with the goal of improving performance .
netac technology co ltd is a consumer electronics company based in shenzhen , china . a chinese oem and odm , the company claims to have invented the usb flash drive .
new harbinger publications , inc. is an oakland-based american publisher and pioneer of self-help books .
narita international airport corporation , abbreviated naa , is a parastatal company responsible for the management of narita international airport in japan . it is the successor to the new tokyo international airport authority which was established on 30 july 1966 . naa was privatized on april 1 , 2004 .
demikhovo machinebuilding plant or demikhovsky engineering plant is a russian open joint-stock company that makes trains . it has been awarded the order of the red banner of labour . the company became part of transmashholding in accordance with the decree of the governor of moscow region boris gromov of 20 july 2001 , submitted to the departmental submission to the committee on transport , moscow region .
cbig consulting is a consulting group that specializes in business intelligence , big data analytics , data warehouse and cloud computing analytics . cbig consulting is acquired by trianz in january 2018 .
an ceathr pil is an independent bookstore based in cultrlann mcadam fiaich on the falls road in belfasts gaeltacht quarter . the shop primarily sells irish language books and irish traditional music recordings and also sells several hundred english-language books on the topics of irish history and politics . an ceathr pil also sells irish musical instruments , celtic jewelry and craft .
bohemian guitars is an atlanta-based guitar manufacturer that makes custom electric guitars , basses , mandolins , and ukuleles using unconventional materials . the company was founded by brothers adam lee and shaun lee , who grew up in johannesburg , south africa and were inspired by local township residents who re-purposed used materials into playable instruments .
roussel uclaf s.a. was a french pharmaceutical company and one of several predecessor companies of todays sanofi . it was the second largest french pharmaceutical company before it was acquired by hoechst ag of frankfurt , germany in 1997 , with pharmaceutical operations combined into the hoechst marion roussel division in the united states .
speechfx , inc. , offers voice technology for mobile phone and wireless devices , interactive video games , toys , home appliances , computer telephony systems and vehicle telematics . fonix speech solutions are based on the firms proprietary neural network-based automatic speech recognition and fonix dectalk , a text-to-speech speech synthesis system .
metal supermarkets is a canadian franchise that primarily focuses on selling small quantity metals , cut to the customers desired size . metal supermarkets is the largest franchise in the small quantity metals industry and the only one with international reach . metal supermarkets main headquarters are located in mississauga , ontario . the companys franchise locations spread across canada , the united states and the united kingdom . currently , metal supermarkets operates 86 locations worldwide .
rail4chem was a german rail freight transport company , and the parent company of a number of european subsidiary rail freight transport companies including rail4chem benelux b.v. , the rail4chem transalpin ag and fer polska s.a. . the business was acquired by veolia cargo in 2008 , which was acquired by sncf in 2009 .
lifearc , the new name for medical research council technology is a british life science medical research charity . it was established in 2000 to translate the work of uk medical research council research scientists .
vvi is a company started in 1991 by ed vanvliet , with the view of making computer software specialized to visualization for many technical-oriented industries , including medical device and financial service companies .
skye bank plc. , commonly known as skye bank , is a commercial bank based in nigeria . it is one of the twenty-six commercial banks licensed by the central bank of nigeria , the countrys banking regulator .
mile high comics is an online retailer and a chain of three colorado comic book stores founded by chuck rozanski in 1969 from his parents basement in colorado springs , colorado .
bergen nordhordland rutelag is a norwegian company based in hordaland . the company operates a small fleet of ferries .
digital research , inc. was a company created by gary kildall to market and develop his cp/m operating system and related 8-bit , 16-bit and 32-bit systems like mp/m , concurrent dos , multiuser dos , dos plus , dr dos and gem . it was the first large software company in the microcomputer world . digital research was based in pacific grove , california .
rand mcnally is an american technology and publishing company that provides mapping , software and hardware for the consumer electronics , commercial transportation and education markets . the company is headquartered in the chicago suburb of skokie , illinois , with a distribution center in richmond , kentucky .
hanesbrands inc. is an american clothing company based in winston-salem , north carolina . it employs 65,300 people internationally . on september 6 , 2006 , the company was spun off by the sara lee corporation . hanesbrands owns several clothing brands , including hanes , champion , playtex , bali , leggs , just my size , hanes hosiery , .
tufin is a security policy management company specializing in the automation of security policy changes across hybrid platforms while improving security and compliance . the tufin orchestration suite supports next-generation firewalls , network layer firewalls , routers , network switches , load balancers , web proxies , private and public cloud platforms and microservices .
kerala state beverages corporation ltd is a public sector company owned by the government of kerala , which has a monopoly over wholesale and retail vending of alcohol in kerala . it controls the retail sale of indian made foreign liquor and beer trade in the state .
independent wrestling association mid-south is an american independent professional wrestling promotion based in memphis indiana . it was formed by ian rotten in 1996 .
iptor supply chain systems , formerly international business systems , is a supply chain management company that provides professional services and enterprise resource management software for distributors and wholesalers , with its headquarters in stockholm , sweden . they were previously publicly traded on the stockholm stock exchange and have offices in several countries . they are rated by amr research and frost & sullivan as the largest supply chain execution solutions company by revenue .
russell athletic is an american athletics brand , it is the main brand of eponymous american company and its manufacturer and marketer russell brands , llc . . founded in 1902 , the company produced uniforms for a wide range of sports , such as american football , basketball , baseball , softball , and volleyball .
aldermore bank is a retail bank which provides financial services to small and medium-sized businesses . it was founded in 2009 and listed on the london stock exchange in march 2015 . it was a constituent of the ftse 250 index until it was acquired by south african banking conglomerate first rand in march 2018 .
three fields entertainment limited is a british video game development studio . it was founded in february 2014 by alex ward and fiona sperry , who had previously founded criterion games , along with developer paul ross who had worked with them under criterion games .
capital teas , inc. is an american specialty tea company , headquartered in annapolis , md , which primarily sells premium loose tea and tea-related products . the company was founded in 2007 by peter martino and manelle martino and features over 200 types of specialty teas and infusions , many of them unique .
power and water corporation is a northern territory government owned corporation in the northern territory . power and water is the northern territorys premier provider of electricity , water and sewerage services . the power and water corporation was formed on 1 july 2002 , taking over from the former government utility power and water authority . power and water became the first government owned corporation in the northern territory . the corporation has more than 142,120 customers .
roger w. smith is a british independent watchmaker . smith was a bronze medallist of the british horological institute .
universal records was a record label owned by universal music group and operated as part of the universal motown republic group . the label has been dormant since 2005 , due to universal motown and universal republic records being formed and taking all of the artists from it . those labels were eventually combined to form the latest iteration of republic records .
purewave networks is a developer of advanced , 4g lte and wimax base stations . based in santa clara , california , purewave networks is a privately held company that was founded in 2003 . the company is backed by silicon valley venture firms including allegis capital , benahmou global ventures , ata ventures , core capital and leapfrog ventures . purewaves line of mobile wimax 802.16 e base stations are sold in a variety of licensed frequencies .
chalks international airlines , formerly chalks ocean airways , was an airline with its headquarters on the grounds of fort lauderdale-hollywood international airport in unincorporated broward county , florida near fort lauderdale . it operated scheduled seaplane services to the bahamas . its main base was miami seaplane base until 2001 , with a hub at fort lauderdale-hollywood international airport .
grinding gear games is a new zealand video game developer founded in 2006 and based in auckland . a former independent developer , the studio was acquired by chinese tech company tencent in may 2018 , after the chinese company had published the studios sole title , path of exile , in china . the open-beta build of path of exile was released worldwide in january 2013 and the 1.0 version of the game was released in october 2013 .
amanita design is a czech independent video game developing company founded in 2003 by jakub dvorsk and headquartered in brno , czech republic . the company has created award-winning games including machinarium , the samorost series and botanicula , as well as educational and advertising minigames and animations , all using adobe flash . clients include bbc , nike and the polyphonic spree .
legendary entertainment is an american media company based in burbank , california . the company was founded by thomas tull in 2000 and in 2005 , concluded an agreement to co-produce and co-finance films with warner bros. , and universal pictures distributed their films in 2014 . since 2016 , legendary has been a subsidiary of the chinese conglomerate wanda group .
munax was a swedish company that developed a large hyper-parallel execution search engine system munax xe . munax xe , is an all-content search engine and powered nationwide and worldwide public search engines with page , document , audio , video , images , software , and email search . other customers included vertical search engines and mobile operators .
telmex is a mexican telecommunications company headquartered in mexico city that provides telecommunications products and services in mexico , argentina , chile , colombia , brazil , ecuador , peru , venezuela and other countries in latin america . telmex is still the dominant fixed-line phone carrier in mexico . in addition to traditional fixed-line telephone service , telmex offers internet access , data , hosted services and iptv .
auraone systems , inc. was a technology-focused company based in fremont , california , in the united states . their flagship product , auragrid , debuted on the us market on november 1 , 2005 .
softserve , inc. , founded in 1993 in lviv , ukraine , is a technology company specializing in consultancy services and software development . softserve provides services in the fields of big data , internet of things , cloud computing , devops , e-commerce , security , and experience design . with its united states headquarters in austin , texas and european headquarters in lviv , ukraine , the company employs more than 4,500 people in offices throughout the united states and europe in 2013 .
razor boy music publishing is a swedish independent music publishing company . it launched its operations on june 1 , 2008 .
taylor woodrow was one of the largest housebuilding and general construction companies in britain . it was listed on the london stock exchange and was a constituent of the ftse 100 index until its merger with rival george wimpey to create taylor wimpey on 3 july 2007 .
shiboleth llp is a boutique law firm based in midtown manhattan , in new york city , with an active international practice . the firm has been recognized as having top-ranked practices in corporate , litigation , real estate , high-tech and intellectual property . the firm has been active in new york since 1976 , and merged with the heiman law group in 2006 , creating the largest israeli-based law firm in north america .
lt group , inc. is a publicly listed holding company of chinese filipino business tycoon lucio tan in the philippines . lt group , inc. is majority-owned by tangent holdings corporation , its ultimate parent company .
doan holding is amongst the biggest conglomerates in turkey operating in the energy , media , industry , trade , insurance and tourism industries . founded by aydn doan who still is a major shareholder , the company is led by his daughter begmhan doan faralyal . main operating activity of the holding is to invest in various sectors via associates , to provide all necessary support to its subsidiaries and joint ventures in order to develop their activities .
finta is a brazilian sportswear brand founded in 1987 that supplies especially soccer teams with sports apparel .
nng , formerly known as nav n go -LRB- -RRB- is a company which provides navigation solution software for the automotive , enterprise , wireless and personal navigation industries . in 2016 , nng had nearly 1000 employees , 12 offices and 4 auxiliary offices on 6 continents .
sharpie is a brand of writing instruments manufactured by newell brands , a public company , headquartered in atlanta , georgia . originally designating a single permanent marker , the sharpie brand has been widely expanded and can now be found on a variety of previously unrelated permanent and non-permanent pens and markers formerly marketed under other brands . sharpie markers are made with a number of tips . the most common and popular is the fine tip .
eagle test systems is a supplier of automatic test equipment and operates as a business unit within the teradyne semiconductor test division . eagles test equipment was designed to address volume production . customers , including semiconductor manufacturers and assembly and test subcontractors , use the products to test analog , a combination of digital and analog , known as mixed-signal , and radio frequency semiconductors .
fremantlemedia australia is the australian arm of global british production and entertainment company fremantlemedia and was formed in 2006 by the merger of market leader grundy television and comedy specialists crackerjack productions , who had both previously been acquired by fremantlemedia .
umh properties , inc. is a real estate investment trust that invests in manufactured housing communities . as of december 31 , 2017 , the company owned and operates 112 manufactured housing communities .
csr group corporation formerly known as china south locomotive and rolling stock industry corporation , was a chinese locomotive and rolling stock manufacturer . in 2007 , the major assets of the group was spin-off and formed csr corporation limited , making the corporation became a holding company only . in 2015 csr group was merged with cnr group to form crrc group .
black angus steakhouse is an american restaurant chain , specializing in steaks , that is based in los altos , california . the chain was founded april 3 , 1964 , by stuart anderson of seattle , washington .
middle east bank kenya , is a commercial bank in kenya . it is licensed by the central bank of kenya , the central bank and national banking regulator . the bank is a small retail bank , that focuses on meeting the needs of large corporations and high-net-worth individuals . as of december 2013 , the bank was ranked number 41 , by assets , out of a total of 43 commercial banks in kenya .
plautus productions was an american television and film production company during the 1960s . the company was founded by producer and director herbert brodkin . plautus productions was best known as the production company for some of cbs popular crime dramas including brenner , the defenders , the nurses , and coronet blue . plautus productions was a television subsidiary of paramount pictures .
velosurance is a bicycle insurance program managed by velosure , inc and underwritten by markel american insurance company rated a by am best company . velosure , inc. was founded in august 2012 in florida by dave williams and denis voitenko , both avid cyclists . the company insures bicycles of clients across the u.s.
townnews.com is a digital media and online publishing company based in moline , illinois . the companys products include blox cms .
sibanye-stillwater is the largest individual producer of gold from south africa and is one of 10 largest gold producers globally . sibanye-stillwater is also the third largest producer of palladium and platinum . following the proposed acquisition of lonmin , it will further increase its production of palladium and platinum .
sojern is a provider of a data-driven traveler marketing that utilizes programmatic buying and machine learning technology . sojern partners with travel companies including airlines , otas , hotels , and rental car companies to collect anonymized traveler profiles based on consumers search and booking behaviors on these sites . the company utilizes this data to target travelers and deliver advertising across a number of media channels .
carlson is an american privately held international corporation in the travel industries . headquartered in minnetonka , minnesota , a minneapolis suburb , carlson brands and services , including franchised operations , employ more than 175,000 people in more than 160 countries and territories . the companys 2012 sales , including those from franchised operations , totaled $ 37.6 billion .
travel all russia llc is a us-based destination management company that provides various types of travel arrangements for trips through russia , eastern europe and eurasia . the companys main specialization are package tours of moscow and st. petersburg in small groups . travel all russias range of services includes russian river cruises , private tours to russia , eastern europe , the caucasus and central asia , trans-siberian tours , and russian visa support .
mainova ag is one of the largest regional energy suppliers in germany and supplies about one million people in hessen and neighboring provinces with electricity , gas , heat and water . it is based in frankfurt am main .
hancock fabrics was a specialty retailer of crafts and fabrics based in baldwyn , mississippi , united states . hancock fabrics operated as many as 266 stores in 37 states under the hancock fabrics name . hancock fabrics was established by the late lawrence d. hancock . all stores are in bankruptcy liquidation . as of july 27 , 2016 , all of the stores have closed , marking the end of the chain .
the compagnie gnrale transarienne was a predecessor of air france , founded in 1909 . at first it operated airships in france and switzerland , then added float planes and direct flights from paris to london . it was the first private company to operate an airplane service . after world war i the company faced mounting competition , and in 1921 it was absorbed by a rival .
the mukwano group of companies , commonly known as the mukwano group , is a conglomerate based in uganda , with operations in other east african countries .
isee is a european multinational company that designs and manufactures small computer-on-modules , single-board computers , expansion boards , radars and other embedded systems . the abbreviation of isee refers to integration , software & electronics engineering . their products are based on the igep technology , the isee generic enhanced platform using texas instruments omap processors .
magix software gmbh is the largest subsidiary of the bellevue investments gmbh & co. kgaa investment group . klaus schmidt is the ceo . the company is an internationally active software producer and publisher with a focus on video and music software for professionals and semi-professionals as well as diy users . the company is based in berlin . additional locations are : madison , wisconsin , dresden and lbbecke , as well as huizen in the netherlands .
transit australia group is australias leading mass transit specialist headquartered on the gold coast in queensland . tags unique end-to-end mass transit offering includes bus design and manufacturing , urban network design , planning and operation , and workforce development and training . the following operations fall under the group : bustechgold coast tourist shuttlesunbus cairnssunbus magnetic islandsunbus rockhamptonsunbus sunshine coastsunbus townsvillesurfside buslines .
cocking lime works and its associated chalk quarry are abandoned industrial sites in the south downs of england . they are situated to the south of the village of cocking , west sussex , close to the south downs way . the works are on land owned by the cowdray estate and are not open to the public . cocking was the source of lime used for the manufacture of midhurst white bricks and for agricultural purposes .
nordstrom rack is a fashion retailer based in the united states which is owned by nordstrom and has both brick and mortar stores and an e-commerce website . nordstrom rack offers branded clothing and accessories for women , men , and kids at a large discount to consumers across the united states . nordstrom rack has over 113 brick and mortar stores .
people express airlines , stylized as peoplexpress , was an american low-cost airline that operated from 1981 to 1987 , when it was merged into continental airlines . the airlines headquarters was in the north terminal of newark international airport in newark , new jersey .
the socit des aciries de longwy was a steelworks located in longwy , meurthe-et-moselle , france .
elex media komputindo is an indonesian publisher of literature on computers as well as comic books , japanese manga , korean manhwa , and chinese manhua . founded on 15 january 1985 , elex media komputindo is within the publishing arm of the kompas gramedia group . the company is headquartered in jakarta .
seadrill is a deepwater drilling contractor that provides drilling services to the oil and gas industry . it is incorporated in bermuda and managed from london . seadrill has operations in angola , brunei , the republic of congo , indonesia , malaysia , nigeria , norway , thailand , brazil , saudi arabia , uae , united states and the united kingdom .
ellislab is a software development company based in bend , oregon . the company is privately owned and to date has not received venture capital funding .
showbox co. , ltd. -RRB- is one of the largest film distribution companies in south korea , founded in 1996 . showbox is the film investment , production and distribution branch of mediaplex , inc. , entertainment arm of orion group . its main competitors for domestic box office are cj entertainment , lotte entertainment , and next entertainment world .
1e is a privately owned it software and services company based in the united kingdom . 1e has offices in london , new york city , dublin , and noida , being headquartered in the first . the company develops software for managing and reducing costs in it , known as software lifecycle automation .
finca international is a non-profit , microfinance organization , founded by john hatch in 1984 . sometimes referred to as the world bank for the poor , finca is the innovator of the village banking methodology in microcredit and is widely regarded as one of the pioneers of modern-day microfinance . with its headquarters in washington , d.c. , finca has 20 affiliated host-country institutions , in latin america and the caribbean , africa , eurasia and the middle east and south asia .
holzindustrie schweighofer is part of the schweighofer group and has its roots in an austrian family business with more than 400 years of experience in woodworking . todays key business units are wood industry , forestry , bioenergy production and real estate . schweighofer has been active in romania since 2002 and opened its first sawmill in 2003 .
messerschmitt ag was a german aircraft manufacturing corporation named after its chief designer willy messerschmitt and known primarily for its world war ii fighter aircraft , in particular the bf 109 and me 262 . the company survived in the post-war era , undergoing a number of mergers and changing its name from messerschmitt to messerschmitt-blkow-blohm before being bought by deutsche aerospace in 1989 .
infocus corporation is an american privately owned company based in the state of oregon . founded in 1986 , the company develops , manufactures , and distributes dlp and lcd projectors and accessories as well as large-format touch displays , software , led televisions , tablets and smartphones . infocus also offers video calling services .
fjordkraft is a norwegian power company that delivers power to end users .
insilicos is a life science software company founded in 2002 by erik nilsson , brian pratt and bryan prazen . insilicos develops scientific computing software to provide software for disease diagnoses .
inb financial corporation was an indianapolis-based statewide bank holding company that was the largest indiana-based financial institution at the time it was acquired by michigan-based nbd bancorp in 1992 .
pos indonesia is the state-owned company responsible for providing postal service in indonesia . it was established with the current structure in 1995 and now operates 11 regional divisions .
the arabian cement co. is a libyan company involved in production of cement , lime , gypsum and paper bags for cement packaging , and other construction related operations . it has a total production capacity of roughly 3.340 million tons per year and currently operates seven plants throughout libya . the companys investment volume was estimated at ld 180 million .
nbc owned television stations -RRB- is the division of nbcuniversal owned tv stations , a subsidiary of comcast that oversees their owned-and-operated television stations , cozi tv network , lxtv and skycastle entertainment , its in-house marketing and promotion company .
swalec was an electricity supply and distribution company which was bought out in 1996 for 872m following the de-regulation of the electricity supply industry in the uk .
cooch behar state railway was a 2 ft 6 in narrow gauge railway from jayanti to lalmonirhat in the indian state of west bengal .
citic limited is a hong kong-based conglomerate holding company headquartered in the citic tower , admiralty , hong kong island . it is 58 % owned by the state-owned citic group in beijing and has shareholders around the world .
mossy oak is a west point , mississippibased branded camouflage and outdoor lifestyle company founded by toxey haas in 1986 . mossy oak is owned and operated by its parent company haas outdoors , inc.
firefly express is an australian interstate coach operator .
alm antillean airlines was the main airline of the netherlands antilles between its foundation in 1964 and its shut-down in 2001 , operating out of aruba , bonaire , and curaao .
pantheon macroeconomics is an economic research consultancy founded by wall street journal economic survey 2014 us forecaster of the year , ian shepherdson . the firm is located in newcastle upon tyne , england .
black is the darkest color , the result of the absence or complete absorption of visible light . it is an achromatic color , literally a color without hue , like white and gray . it is often used symbolically or figuratively to represent darkness , while white represents light . black ink is the most common color used for printing books , newspapers and documents , because it has the highest contrast with white paper and is the easiest to read .
the slavutich brewery is a brewery in ukraine , part of the carlsberg group . the company produces a number of brand name beers and non-alcoholic products for domestic as well as foreign markets .
delta 4 was a british software developer created by fergus mcneill , writing and publishing interactive fiction . delta 4 designed games between 1984 and 1992 . some were self-published , others were released by crl group , piranha , silversoft or on-line . delta 4 were also credited with providing the code for jonathan nashs tape magazine ys2 which was given away free with your sinclair magazine and published by future publishing .
the historic districts council is a new york city-based 5013 nonprofit organization that serves as the advocate for new york citys historic buildings , neighborhoods , and public spaces .
ensoniq corp. was an american electronics manufacturer , best known throughout the mid-1980s and 1990s for its musical instruments , principally samplers and synthesizers .
lightspeed is a point-of-sale and e-commerce software provider based in montreal , quebec , canada . lightspeed provides small and medium sized retail and restaurant businesses with point of sale solutions . there are currently 50,000 businesses using lightspeed in over 100 countries and $ 15 billion in transactions processed by customers annually .
provident financial services , inc. is the holding company for provident bank . established in 1839 , provident bank emphasizes personal service and customer convenience in attending to the financial needs of businesses , individuals and families in new jersey and eastern pennsylvania . the bank offers a broad array of deposit , loan , and investment products as well as trust , fiduciary and wealth management services through its wholly owned subsidiary , beacon trust company .
wefunder is a crowdfunding service which connects startups with investors online . wefunder uses a provision in the 2012 jobs act which allows unaccredited investors to provide equity for entrepreneurial undertakings .
for other banks with a similar name , see first bank . first bancorp is a publicly owned financial holding company located in san juan , puerto rico .
gdi is a commercial facility services provider offering a range of services in canada and the united states to owners and managers of a variety of facility types including office buildings , hotels , shopping centres , industrial facilities , healthcare establishments , distribution facilities , airports and other transportation facilities .
the kansas city club , founded in 1882 and located in the library district of downtown kansas city , missouri , usa , was the oldest gentlemens club in missouri . the club began admitting women members in 1975 . along with the river club on nearby quality hill , it was one of two surviving private city clubs on the missouri side of kansas city . notable members included presidents harry truman and dwight d. eisenhower , general omar bradley , and political boss tom pendergast .
the property trust group is a property investment group , the ultimate holding company of which is pt holdings limited , based in bermuda . the group owns a portfolio of commercial buildings in the united kingdom through its subsidiary the property trust plc which is registered in london . the principals of the group are anthony k.c. cheng and mona m.n. cheng .
kreyos was a consumer electronics company based in san francisco , california . the company intended to develop digital wearable devices fitted for people with active lifestyles . the kreyos meteor , the companys first product , started as a crowd funding campaign from indiegogo . although the campaign was funded to over ten times its original goal , the resulting product was poorly received , many units were not delivered or were defective , and the company was closed in 2014 .
air slovakia was an airline based in bratislava , slovakia , operating out of m. r. tefnik airport . the airline offered scheduled and chartered passenger flights , as well as aircraft lease .
neena raut entertainment is an indian entertainment company established by neena raut and om raut , an indian film director and producer . it was founded in 2013 by neena raut and om raut . the companys first production was lokmanya : ek yug purush , based on life of indian freedom fighter bal gangadhar tilak .
-LSB- 24 -RSB- 7 . ai is a customer experience software and services company headquartered in san jose , california . the company uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to understand consumer intent , in order to help companies create a personalized experience across all channels .
ube industries , ltd. is a japanese chemical company manufacturing chemicals , plastics , battery materials , pharmaceuticals , cement , construction materials , and machinery . the company was founded in 1897 when sukesaku watanabe an industrialist , a member of the house of representatives of japan and a deputy mayor of ube established okinoyama coal mine , the predecessor of the present ube industries .
small danish hotels is the largest hotel chain in denmark , consisting of approximately 80 privately owned inns , hotels , castles and manor houses scattered throughout denmark . the chain is a member of the global alliance of private hotels .
caxton and ctp publishers and printers is a newspaper company .
new world interactive is an independent video game development company founded in 2010 . new world interactive is primarily known for the development of insurgency and day of infamy .
hobby lobby stores , inc. , formerly called hobby lobby creative centers and stylized as hobby lobby , is a private for-profit corporation which owns a chain of american arts and crafts stores that are managed by corporate employees . the company is based in oklahoma city .
rio tinto alcan inc. is a canadian company based in montreal . it was created on 15 november 2007 as the result of the merger between rio tinto plcs canadian subsidiary , rio tinto canada holding inc. , and canadian company alcan inc. on the same date , alcan inc. was renamed rio tinto alcan inc. . rio tinto alcan inc. is the global leader of aluminium mining and production , above its one time parent alcoa , rusal and some chinese public companies .
weidemann gmbh is a multinational agricultural machinery company based in diemelsee-flechtdorf in the district of waldeck-frankenberg in hesse , germany . it produces hoftracs , wheel loaders , telescopic wheel loaders and telehandlers , which are preferably used on farmland for feeding , scattering , fertilising , loading and stacking . the company has sites in diemelsee-flechtdorf and korbach , and is part of the wacker neuson group .
viddsee is a video entertainment platform that drives distribution and marketing of short premium content , founded by engineer-filmmaking duo ho jia jian and derek tan . the company headquarters is in blk71 in ayer rajah industrial estate in singapore , with offices in malaysia and indonesia . its main markets are the philippines , malaysia , singapore and indonesia .
gmg radio , and for a short while real and smooth limited , was a company which owned the real radio and smooth radio networks . as gmg radio , the company was the radio division of the guardian media group until it was bought in 2012 by global radio , however pending regulatory review of the merger the company was renamed real and smooth limited and operated as a separate entity , until may 2014 .
merlin entertainments is a british-based company headquartered in poole , dorset , which operates 127 attractions , 19 hotels and 7 holiday villages in 27 countries . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
intair les is a regional airline based at ouani airport , anjouan in the comoros . it was founded in 2007 as inter les air and rebranded to its current name in march 2015 . using a fleet of six turboprop aircraft , the airline serves all three islands of the comoros , the french territory of mayotte , tanzania , and madagascar . intair les is a founding member of the vanilla alliance , formed in september 2015 between several airlines based in the indian ocean .
the ittefaq group was a pakistani integrated steel producer with major operations in punjab . it was sold to al-rehmat group of companies in 2004 .
maverick television is a television and media production company . notable maverick programmes include the health brand embarrassing bodies , the make-over shows 10 years younger and how to look good naked , and the documentary series stephen fry : out there and growing up downs . maverick is particularly well known for its multiplatform projects : developing apps , websites and youtube channels in conjunction with its tv content .
bitsbox is a startup that teaches children how to code apps . the company sells boxes with suggested apps for users to code on a virtual tablet .
caci international inc is an american multinational professional services and information technology company headquartered in arlington , virginia , united states . caci provides services to many branches of the federal government including defense , homeland security , intelligence , and healthcare . caci has approximately 19,000 employees worldwide . caci is a member of the fortune 1000 largest companies , the russell 2000 index , and the s & p smallcap 600 index .
go south coast is a bus operator on and around the south coast of england . it is a subsidiary of the go-ahead group .
electric dreams software was a video game publisher established in 1985 by former managing director of quicksilva rod cousens and former software manager of quicksilva paul cooper . the company published video games for the zx spectrum , commodore 64 and amstrad cpc between 1985 and 1989 , becoming one of the top eight uk software houses of that decade .
tinopolis plc is a welsh independent television production company , owned by its senior management and private equity company vitruvian partners . tinopolis produces over 2,500 hours of television annually for more than 200 uk and foreign broadcasters .
the gustav gerster gmbh & co. kg is a family-owned company based in biberach an der ri , germany . it produces curtains , ready made fabrics , curtain tapes , trimmings and technical textiles .
golden circle is a subsidiary of us-based kraft heinz , based in brisbane , queensland . its main operations are food processing . golden circle was inducted into the queensland business leaders hall of fame in 2010 , for its significant contribution to the economy of queensland through the processing of food products notably fruit and vegetables .
sia engineering company limited is a singaporean company , specialising in aircraft maintenance , repair and overhaul services in the asia-pacific and is part of the singapore airlines group . the company has a client base of more than 80 international carriers and aerospace equipment manufacturers .
viking cruises is a cruise line providing river and ocean cruises , with operations based in basel , switzerland . it is the parent company of viking river cruises and viking ocean cruises . as of november 2017 , it operates a fleet of 62 river vessels and 4 ocean ships , offering cruises along the rivers and oceans of north and south america , the caribbean , europe , russia , egypt , china and southeast asia .
ridley bikes was started in 1997 by jochim aerts , a frame builder and painter who had been producing frames for belgian bicycle companies since 1990 . in a few years , ridley became the market leader in belgium for racing bikes . the belgian bike builder is especially proud of its customizer and pure line . customers can choose the colors of their frame and personalize their bike .
esco corporation is a manufacturer of engineered metal wearparts and components for industrial applications including mining and construction . since 1913 , the privately held company has been headquartered in portland , oregon , usa , and has manufacturing sites throughout the world . the company designs and manufactures a host of products including ground engaging tools for mining , construction products , conveying , rigging , dredging and other industrial applications .
ubisoft divertissements inc. , doing business as ubisoft montreal , is a canadian video game developer and a subsidiary of ubisoft based in montreal , quebec . founded in 1997 , initially developing low-profile projects , the studio is one of the largest in the world , with 3,050 employees .
suncruz casinos was one of many cruise lines that offered cruises to nowhere , legally transporting passengers into international waters beyond the reach of federal and state gambling laws . four ships operated out of four ports including jacksonville , key largo , myrtle beach , and port canaveral . on december 16 , 2009 , suncruz casinos was reported to be closing amid reports of owing $ 300,000 to the canaveral port authority .
black dog books is an independent press operation in normal , illinois . founded by publisher tom roberts to keep an outlet for adventure fiction alive , they have expanded to publish fiction in the adventure , mystery , science fiction , and horror genres .
changchun film studio group corporation is a chinese film production company in changchun , jilin province , china . it is one of the studios transitioned from the 1940s , and has been considered one of the cornerstones of the chinese film industry . it was formerly known as the changchun film studio until 2000 when it was put under the corporate umbrella as part of the revitalized projects .
flad architects is a national architectural firm with offices in madison , wisconsin atlanta , georgia tampa , florida raleigh , north carolina san francisco , california and new york , new york . in addition to architectural design , flad offers interior design , landscape architecture , master planning , strategic planning , structural engineering , and sustainable design services .
tern is a privately held company that designs , manufactures , markets , and sells versatile bikes for everyday use . the company is based in taipei , taiwan and has offices in the us , china , finland , and the uk . the companys primary products include folding bicycles and cycling accessories , which are currently sold in 65 countries . though founded only in 2011 , the companys bikes have already received a number of international design awards , including if and red dot awards .
brt laboratories , inc. is a baltimore , maryland-based biotechnology company that performs dna testing . the company has three divisions : relationship testing , forensics , and clinical services . it is a privately held , wholly owned subsidiary of baltimore rh typing laboratory , inc.
j is the tenth letter in the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet . its normal name in english is jay or , now uncommonly , jy . when used for the palatal approximant , it may be called yod or yot .
scomi rail , formerly mtrans and monorail malaysia , is a malaysian rail system manufacturer , currently specialising in monorails . the company is one of the worlds three leading providers of monorail systems , and one of only four globally recognised integrated monorail system providers , meaning that apart from manufacturing rolling stock , it also provides equipment like communication systems , electro-mechanical systems and services such as system integration and project management .
emvest asset management is a private equity firm based in pretoria , south africa , with an additional office in london , united kingdom .
aerohive networks is an american multinational computer networking equipment company headquartered in milpitas , california , with 17 additional offices worldwide . the company was founded in 2006 and provides wireless networking to medium-sized and larger businesses . in 2012 , aerohive was listed on the wall street journals list of top 50 start-ups . the company raised around $ 105 million in venture capital funding before undergoing an ipo in march 2014 .
c4di is a digital hub located at the fruit market in kingston upon hull , england . the company provides services to startups and has formed links with pwc , amazon web services , kingston communications and numerous other supporters to assist with this aim . they launched the c4di accelerator in may 2014 , which is expected to start in march 2015 .
quod financial is a trading technology provider which specialises in software and services such as algorithmic trading , smart order routing and internalisation of liquidity . the firm provides electronic trading platforms to liquidity venues , exchanges , retail brokers , buy side and sell side institutions . the company is headquartered in london with offices in paris and new york city .
npm silmet as is a rare-earth processor located in sillame , estonia . it is a subsidiary of neo performance materials .
jubilee holdings limited is a financial services holding company , with its headquarters in nairobi , kenya . the company maintains subsidiaries in burundi , kenya , mauritius , tanzania , uganda , and pakistan . its activities are mainly in the insurance sector . jubilee holdings limited is a large financial services conglomerate in east africa , the indian ocean islands , and parts of southwestern asia .
haywire winery is a canadian winery located in the okanagan valleys summerland , british columbia . situated on a 10 acre lot , haywire sits looking over okanagan lake .
amadeo rossi sa , founded in 1889 in so leopoldo , brazil , is a brazilian arms manufacturer . rossi produces pistols and revolvers used by both civilians and security forces , and exports worldwide . it is considered one of the largest weapons manufacturers in brazil .
ames department stores inc. was an american chain of discount stores based in rocky hill , connecticut , united states . the company was founded in 1958 with a store in southbridge , massachusetts , and at its peak operated 700 stores in 20 states , including the northeast , upper south , midwest , and the district of columbia , making it the fourth largest discount retailer in the united states . despite some success in its later years , ames was plagued by debt and a slow decline in sales .
mankind pharma is a pharmaceutical company in india based at new delhi . the company has products in therapeutic areas ranging from unds , to gastrointestinal , cardiovascular , dermal , and erectile dysfunction medications . it is the 4th largest drug maker in india as per ims-health , 2015 . also it is no. 1 company of india as per prescription/doctor/month audit of ims-health , 2012 .
seibu holdings , inc. is a japanese holding company which primarily owns seibu railway , prince hotels , seibu bus and its subsidiaries , which are collectively known as the seibu group . in total , fifty-three companies across the world are affiliated with the seibu group .
zomato is a restaurant search and discovery service founded in 2008 by indian entrepreneurs deepinder goyal and pankaj chaddah . it currently operates in 23 countries , including australia and united states . it provides information and reviews on restaurants , including images of menus where the restaurant does not have its own website .
yacht harbour is a media company based in monaco since december 2014 that runs databases and online news portals in the yachting sector . the company has offices in monaco and moscow and are also the providers of the artificial intelligence platform , brook .
wilson audio is an american high-end audio loudspeaker manufacturing company , located in provo , utah . wilson audio was founded by david wilson and sheryl lee wilson in 1973 . david wilson is currently wilson audios chairman of the board and sheryl lee wilson serves as vice chair . daily operations at wilson audio are currently directed and managed by dave wilsons son and successor , daryl c. wilson , ceo and korbin vaughn , coo .
mds america , inc is a wireless internet and wireless cable tv technology provider based in stuart , florida . mds america was the primary party responsible for the invalidation of northpoint technology incs patents having to do with extra-terrestrial rebroadcast of satellite signals . mds operations , an affiliated company , participated in recent auctions in 2005 and 2006 held by the federal communications commission of the frequency band of 12.2 - 12.7 ghz , which it christened mvdds .
egyptian media production city is an information and media complex located near cairo in egypt.it covers an area of about 35 million square meters .
aqueduct press is a publisher based in seattle , washington , united states that publishes material featuring a feminist viewpoint .
jefferson lines is a regional intercity bus company operating in the united states . today , the jefferson lines system extends from grand forks , north dakota , south to wichita falls , texas .
44 blue productions is an american production company founded in 1984 by rasha and stephanie noonan drachkovitch . it supplies reality television , documentary , lifestyle and action-adventure programming for us broadcast and cable outlets including a & e , animal planet , hbo , tru tv , cbs , court tv , cmt , discovery channel , e ! , espn , fine living , fs1 , fox family , fox news , hgtv , history channel , lifetime , lifetime movie network , spike , msnbc , nickelodeon , pbs , style , tlc , travel channel vh1 , .
mtl index is a french company dedicated to the sale of strategic metals and rare earths . this company has developed in italy , sweden , switzerland , spain and dubai .
triangular pyramid factory is a metal fabrication and production company based in riyadh , saudi arabia . the company was established in 2002 through saudi arabian general investment authority , as part of measures geared towards formalizing the process of economic liberalization . triangular pyramid factory is one of the largest manufacturer and supplier of carbon steel , aluminium and stainless steel in arabian peninsula .
zagster is a venture-funded startup company based in cambridge , massachusetts that designs , builds and operates bike sharing programs for cities , universities , corporate campuses , hotels , and residential communities across the united states . zagster currently operates over 100 bike sharing programs including systems for cornell university , yale university , salem , ma , cleveland , ohio , quicken loans , hyatt , general motors , the related companies , irvine company and four seasons hotels and resorts .
mk group is a serbian holding company with the headquarters in belgrade , serbia . mk group has a total of 29 companies within its holding , which performs a variety of services , such as agribusiness , wholesale , real estate and banking .
collabera inc is a company headquartered in basking ridge , new jersey that provides professional information technology recruiting , staffing , consulting , and business services to companies worldwide . collabera is one of the largest minority-owned it staffing firm in the country , according to staffing industry analysts , an industry advisory firm .
jn-international medical corporation is a u.s.-based biopharmaceutical corporation which since 1998 has been focused on developing vaccines and diagnostics for infectious disease for developing countries . this private corporation was founded in 1998 by dr. jeeri r. reddy with the help of dr. kelly f. lechtenberg in a small rural town , oakland , nebraska .
embarcadero media is the parent company of the palo alto weekly , the almanac of menlo park , the mountain view voice , the pleasanton weekly , and palo alto online . it was founded in 1979 by william johnson .
cyient is a global solutions provider focused on engineering , manufacturing , data analytics , and networks & operations . infotech enterprises ltd. was established in 1991 in hyderabad , india . infotech enterprises rebranded as cyient in 2014 . it had 12,000 + employees across 38 global locations as of march 2014 . the company featured among the top 30 outsourcing companies in the world as of 2014 .
ryobi holdings co. ltd. is a japanese transport , logistics , travel , retailer , retirement home operator and real estate development company . its headquarters are in okayama city , okayama prefecture , japan .
e.on uk is an english energy company and a subsidiary of the german company e.on , the worlds largest investor-owned power and gas company . it was founded in 1989 as powergen , and was listed on the london stock exchange and was once a constituent of the ftse 100 index .
ciena corporation is a united states-based global supplier of telecommunications networking equipment , software , and services . the company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in hanover , maryland .
alex and ani is an american retailer and producer of jewelry located in cranston , rhode island .
student competitions ab is a global student competitions listing platform students , and offer a competition based communication platform for companies and organizations that wants to communicate with students globally . there are numerous different types of competitions , such as business plan competitions , case competitions , design competitions , photography competitions and more .
the shepherd building group ltd. was one of the largest privately owned construction groups in the uk , but restructured in 2015 to focus on its portakabin portable buildings businesses .
surveygizmo is a software company based in boulder , colorado in the united states , founded in 2006 . the company provides software as a service online survey software .
embassy suites by hilton is a chain of upscale all-suite hotels trademarked by hilton worldwide . as of september 30 , 2015 , there are over 223 locations in 6 countries . similar to other hilton brands , most embassy suites hotels are independently owned and operated by franchisees .
pharmacy2u is an online mail-order pharmacy located in the uk . the company was founded by pharmacist daniel lee in 1999 . pharmacy2u has been involved in piloting the electronic transfer of prescriptions in the uk .
myriad genetics , inc. is an american molecular diagnostic company based in salt lake city , utah , united states . myriad employs a number of proprietary technologies that permit doctors and patients to understand the genetic basis of human disease and the role that genes play in the onset , progression and treatment of disease .
cj cgv -RRB- is the largest multiplex cinema chain in south korea and also has branches in china , indonesia , myanmar , turkey , vietnam , and the united states . the fifth largest multiplex theater company in the world , cj cgv currently operates 3,412 screens at 455 locations in seven countries , including 1,111 screens at 149 locations in south korea .
the nederlander organization , founded in 1912 by david t. nederlander in detroit , and currently based in new york city , is one of the largest operators of legitimate theatres and music venues in the united states . its first acquisition was a lease on the detroit opera house in 1912 . the building was demolished in 1928 . it later operated the shubert lafayette theatre until its demolition in 1964 and the riviera theatre , both in detroit .
hkt limited and hkt trust is a pair of listed corporations of hong kong , which the two corporations were bundled as one single stapled security . hkt , via its subsidiaries , is one of the largest telecommunications company of hong kong . it was commonly known as hong kong telecom and had a dominant position in fixed-line , mobile , idd and broadband services in hong kong . hkt group is a subsidiary of pccw since 2000 .
amrita learning is a computer-based adaptive learning program in english and mathematics . it provides interactive , audio-visual supplementary education for children of three-and-a-half years to 7th grade , for home and classroom use . developed in collaboration with amrita university , the content of this research-based software is in line with the ncert/cbse syllabi .
bburago is a diecast metal brand of toy model cars . originally the company was based in burago di molgora , italy , where all products were made from 1976 to 2005 . at its most popular , bburagos main competition were politoys and maisto , the latter of which was to become dominant in the 1:18 market segment around 2000 . bburago has been a brand under the maisto umbrella since 2007 .
brecks is a mail order gardening company and importer of dutch flower bulbs . based in guilford , indiana , and noordwijkerhout , netherlands , brecks was founded in 1818 . originally a family-owned garden supply business , brecks gradually expanded into a catalog company . brecks is now the largest u.s. importer of dutch bulbs .
brac , an international development organisation based in bangladesh , is the largest non-governmental development organisation in the world , in terms of number of employees as of september 2016 . established by sir fazle hasan abed in 1972 after the independence of bangladesh , brac is present in all 64 districts of bangladesh as well as 13 other countries in asia , africa , and the americas .
beerenberg farm is an australian producer of jams , condiments , sauces and dressings , located in hahndorf in the adelaide hills of south australia . the company premises are a tourist attraction on the states food-and-wine trail , and has gained an international reputation due to the use of its portion-sized products in australian and international airlines and hotels .
globalscholar was an operating unit of scantron based in bellevue , washington that developed , manufactured , licensed , and supported a wide range of products and services related to education . this included products such as an enterprise resource planning software solution , pinnacle suite , which supported all aspects of managing education at k-12 schools , including a gradebook , learning management system , and teacher development , analytics and online learning .
polycom is an american multinational corporation that develops video , voice and content collaboration and communication technology . the firm employs approximately 3,800 employees and had annual revenues of approximately $ 1.4 billion in 2013 . it is the largest pure-play collaboration company in its industry .
argon 18 is a canadian cycle manufacturer founded in 1989 by retired cyclist gervais rioux in montreal , quebec . the name is derived from the element argon , which is number 18 on the periodic table of elements . designed by rioux using carbon fiber or aluminum frames , they are distributed in more than 50 countries . argon 18 also sponsors professional cycling teams and professional triathletes .
uif corporation is an american financial service company headquartered in southfield , michigan . it provides residential and commercial financing based on islamic banking and finance principles for the muslim community . uif , is the first islamic banking subsidiary run entirely on shariah principles and offers faith based commercial real-estate financing and home financing through their murabaha and ijara programs .
moreton resources limited is an australian coal mining company . in 20072013 it was specialized on underground coal gasification and electric power production by produced syngas . in addition to australia , the company planned underground coal gasification projects in the united kingdom , india , pakistan , china , and mongolia .
halk bankas , or halkbank , is a large turkish state-owned bank .
irish north western railway was an irish gauge -RRB- railway company in ireland .
ocata therapeutics until november 2014 -RRB- is a biotechnology company located in marlborough , massachusetts , united states . the company specializes in the development and commercialization of cell therapies for the treatment of a variety of diseases . ocata is primarily developing stem cell-based technologies , both adult and human embryonic , and other methods and treatments in the area of regenerative medicine .
massdrop is a community-driven commerce platform . the site features products , polls , articles , and other content related to enthusiast industries like audio , mechanical keyboards , ultralight backpacking , cooking , and tech . the company was founded in 2012 and is based in san francisco , california .
db breweries is a new zealand-based brewing company , owned by heineken asia pacific . founded in 1930 by sir henry kelliher and w joseph coutts , the partners purchased levers and co. and the waitemata brewery co. in otahuhu . asia pacific breweries acquired db breweries in 2004 , which in turn was bought-out by heineken international in 2012 . the company mainly produces pale lager , whilst its tui brand is one of the better-known beers in new zealand , partly due to strong advertising .
peppersmith is a uk-based confectionery company specialising in xylitol based chewing gum , mints and sweet products . the company itself is independent , based in london and was founded in 2009 by mike stevens and dan shrimpton , both former employees of innocent drinks .
quantum detectors limited is a spin-out company from the diamond light source and science and technology facilities council , although it also commercialises technology from other large scale facilities such as the european synchrotron radiation facility .
victor gollancz ltd -LRB- -RRB- was a major british book publishing house of the twentieth century . it was founded in 1927 by victor gollancz and specialised in the publication of high quality literature , nonfiction and popular fiction , including crime , detective , mystery , thriller and science fiction . upon gollanczs death in 1967 , ownership passed to his daughter , livia , who sold it to houghton mifflin in 1989 .
the bertelsmann printing group is a german group of companies in the printing industry with headquarters in gtersloh , north rhine-westphalia . it was established in 2016 and is the market leader in europe among offset and gravure printing companies . the bertelsmann printing group is one of eight divisions of bertelsmann , the international media , service and education conglomerate .
magellan health inc. , is an american for-profit managed health care company , focused on behavioral healthcare . it ranked 652 on the fortune 1000 in 2014 .
bidco africa , previously bidco oil refineries limited , is a multinational consumer goods company headquartered in thika , kenya with subsidiaries and distributorships across 16 countries in east africa , central africa , and southern africa . its products include edible oils , fats , margarine , laundry bars and detergents , personal care products , and animal feeds . bidco africa owns over 40 brands and is the largest producer , marketer , and retailer of consumer goods in the region .
harvard apparatus is a major us manufacturer of specialized physiological research laboratory equipment with current headquarters in holliston , massachusetts .
premier ltd. is a manufacturer of vehicles based in mumbai , india . the company is owned by the walchand group . walchand established premier ltd. with the encouragement and support of architect of modern india , sir . m. vishweswarayya . in october 1947 premier ltd. manufactured the first indian made trucks and cars rolled out onto the streets of a free india .
rede known as redecard is a brazilian multi-brand acquirer with 25 brands in its portfolio , for credit , debit and benefit cards .
uncommongoods , llc is a brooklyn-based , privately held , american online and catalog retailer , founded in 1999 . the uncommongoods website launched in july , 2000 . its inventory consists of small production gifts , home accents , jewelry , accessories , tabletop , art , games , books , food and drink and diy kits , 40 % of which are handmade by independent artists and artisans , frequently of recycled , reclaimed , or upcycled materials .
hbo films is a division of the cable television network hbo that produces feature films and miniseries . the division produces fiction and non-fiction works , primarily for distribution to their own customers , though recently the company has been funding theatrical releases .
mayfair games was an american publisher of board , card , and roleplaying games that also licenses euro-style board games to publish them in english . the company licensed worldwide english-language publishing rights to the settlers of catan series between 1996 and 2016 .
investopedia is a privately owned website based in new york city that focuses on investing education and financial news . its operations have been managed by ceo david siegel since 2015 .
green-works is a registered charity and social enterprise , dedicated to radically changing the way society thinks about waste . green-works enables organisations to create social and environmental benefits from their disposal of large quantities of office furniture . green-works recycles used and unwanted furniture from uk businesses . in 2011 green-works was taken over by london re-use limited .
sony global solutions inc. , also known as sgs , is a japanese company headquartered in tokyo , japan , that offers it services .
book off is japans largest chain of used bookstores . founded in august 1991 , the company has had explosive success , expanding to 866 stores throughout japan and eight overseas locations . in addition to books , its chains also sell manga , cds , dvds , video games , and even used video game consoles , mobile phones and portable media players . the stores are distinguished by their large surface area , cleanliness and bright illumination .
bossard group is an internationally active swiss fastener technology and logistics company with its headquarters in zug . their activities include worldwide sales , technical advice and inventory management . the group employs around 1,926 employees at approximately 60 locations in europe , america and asia/pacific and in 2014 generated a turnover of 617.8 million swiss francs . bossard group is listed on the swiss stock exchange six swiss exchange .
snowflake computing is a cloud-based data-warehousing startup publicly launched by bob muglia in 2014 , after spending two years in stealth mode .
nanoleaf is a green technology company that is currently specializing in led lighting . founded in 2012 by three engineers , the company launched its first two products with crowdfunding campaigns on kickstarter . the company develops sustainable , design focused lighting solutions in both non-connected and the connected space .
malaysian resources corporation berhad is a construction and property development company based in kuala lumpur . it is the master developer of the kuala lumpur sentral transport hub and business district . with the epf as a significant shareholder , mrcb is considered a government-linked company in malaysian business circles .
w. w. grainger , inc. is a fortune 500 industrial supply company founded in 1927 in chicago . grainger serves more than 3 million customers worldwide with offerings such as motors , lighting , material handling , fasteners , plumbing , tools , and safety supplies , along with inventory management services and technical support . revenue is generally from business-to-business sales rather than retail sales .
nick scali furniture is a publicly listed , australian company that retails and imports furniture such as lounges , dining tables , coffee tables , chairs and entertainment units . nick scali furniture was founded in 1962 by nick d. scali . the company specialises in leather and fabric lounges , as well as dining room and bedroom furniture . nick scali imports more than 5,000 containers of furniture per year worldwide , with showrooms and distribution centres across australia .
moldcell is a mobile network operator in moldova . it works in gsm , umts and lte standards .
masters of hardcore is the name of a dutch hardcore music label and of its related music festival events .
dream office reit is one of the largest real estate investment trusts in canada . the company owns office buildings across canada totaling approximately 8.5 million square feet of gross leaseable area .
grand sport is a manufacturing company established in 1961 in sports which are jersey , field , volleyball , etc. grand sport is also the main sponsor for thailand national football team .
israel postal company , known as israel post , and formerly the israel postal authority , is a government-owned corporation that handles postal services in israel . the israel postal company has 5,000 employees , among them 1,650 mail delivery staff and 2,000 postal clerks manning 700 post office branches around the country . it has a network of 4,262 mail boxes and 1,000 mail trucks . some 2.5 million postal items are sorted every day .
leading edge aviation services is an faa-certified maintenance , repair and overhaul company based in costa mesa , ca . leading edge has painted aircraft for airlines such as united , continental , delta , northwest , air canada , virgin america , us airways , ups , and the blue angels , as well as for the 1997 movie air force one .
abanca corporacin bancaria , s.a. is a spanish bank based in galicia . it was created in 2011 following the bankisation of novacaixagalicia savings bank . it operates in the autonomous communities of galicia , asturias and the province of len , and in other parts of spain .
lutheran health network is the largest healthcare provider in the northeast region of indiana in the united states , with nine separately licensed hospitals and nearly 1,000 licensed beds , including 800 in allen county , indiana alone .
american casino was an american reality television series which tracks the daily events of the managers and employees of the green valley ranch casino resort in henderson , nevada , a suburb of las vegas . the show began airing on the discovery channel on june 4 , 2004 , but was moved to the travel channel in june 2005 . in other countries including europe , the show continued to air on discovery . the show was executive produced by craig piligian of pilgrim films & television .
acrcloud is an automatic content recognition platform based on acoustic fingerprinting technology . its creator intended to help media , broadcasters and app developers to identify , monitor and monetize content on the second screen . acrcloud allows user to upload their own content and ingest live feeds for audio identification and broadcast monitoring .
delmarva power is an energy company that provides electricity and natural gas to customers on portions of the delmarva peninsula in the states of delaware and maryland . the company is a subsidiary of exelon .
tonara is an israeli music software company that develops the name of both a technology company and the sheet music software it develops . the software is capable of acoustic polyphonic score following , showing the musicians real-time position on the score , and turning the pages automatically as the player reaches the end of a page . the software was initially launched as an ipad application in september 2011 .
wind telecomunicazioni s.p.a. is an italian telecom operator which offers integrated mobile , fixed telephony and internet services .
pierce-arrow motor car company was an american automobile manufacturer based in buffalo , new york , which was active from 1901 to 1938 . although best known for its expensive luxury cars , pierce-arrow also manufactured commercial trucks , fire trucks , camp trailers , motorcycles , and bicycles .
tata starbucks private limited , formerly known as tata starbucks limited , is a 50:50 joint venture company , owned by tata global beverages and starbucks corporation , that owns and operates starbucks outlets in india . the outlets are branded starbucks a tata alliance .
compal electronics is a taiwanese original design manufacturer , handling the production of notebook computers , monitors and televisions for a variety of clients around the world , including acer , lenovo , dell , toshiba , hewlett-packard and fujitsu . it also licenses brands of its clients . it is the second-largest contract laptop manufacturer in the world behind quanta computer and shipped over 48 million notebooks in 2010 .
breeze publications is a privately owned publisher based in lincoln , rhode island , serving northern and western providence county with five free tabloid-format weekly newspapers . founded in 1996 by thomas v. ward & james quinn , breeze publications beganat first , produced in wards living roomwith its flagship title , the valley breeze , which later grew to two editions . in 2006 , the company acquired two other weeklies in neighboring towns .
rosenthal china , founded in 1879 , is a german manufacturer of porcelain and other household goods . in 2009 , the company was sold to the italian group sambonet paderno industrie .
leostream , founded in 2002 , is a privately held technology company based in waltham , massachusetts . its flagship product is a connection broker for virtual desktop infrastructure and resources hosted in the datacenter .
gma cover corp. . since 1974 , gmas focus was in manufacturing textile products and , in 2010 , gma expanded their textile offerings beyond defense to include commercial and disaster relief products .
mamas boys music is a management company , record label , and multi-media entertainment conglomerate founded and run by jerome hipps and michael mcarthur .
wachovia securities was the trade name of wachovias retail brokerage and institutional capital markets and investment banking subsidiaries . following wachovias merger with wells fargo and company on december 31 , 2008 , the retail brokerage became wells fargo advisors on may 1 , 2009 and the institutional capital markets and investment banking group became wells fargo securities on july 6 , 2009 .
connolly , llc is a private , global recovery audit firm with more than 1,200 employees , and two divisions global retail and healthcare . the company is headquartered in wilton , connecticut . recovery auditing is a financial best practice recognized by leading organizations worldwide for reducing clients erroneous payments , improving their processes , and enhancing their performance .
cottman transmission and total auto care is an american transmission-repair franchise and company-owned automotive service centers headquartered in horsham , pennsylvania . as of 2014 there are 65 locations in 23 states in the united states and canada . the company is owned by american capital and american driveline systems , inc. is the parent company of it . cottman was founded by richard silva in 1962 .
tm4 inc. is a subsidiary of government-owned public utility hydro-qubec established in 1998 , active in the development of electric vehicle motors and related power systems . hydro-qubec intends to set up a joint venture with a world-scale auto parts manufacturer to facilitate the mass production and marketing of the electric powertrains designed by its subsidiary tm4 while continuing to develop new products .
sabeco is vietnams leading beer producer . it is owned and under the authority of vietnams ministry of trade and industry . in 2011 , sabeco produced 1.2 billion liters of beer , 51.4 % of the national market . its main brands are saigon beer and 333 beer . sabeco has several regional subsidiaries throughout vietnam .
castlestone management inc. , established in 1996 , is an independently owned asset manager based in the british virgin islands . the firms distribution service provider has offices in hong kong , london , and chichester . in 2010 castlestone launched a next 11 emerging markets fund and more recently , equity high yield & premium income fund .
we heart it is an image-based social network for inspiring images . we heart it describes itself as a home for your inspiration and a place to organize and share the things you love . users can collect their favorite images to share with friends and organize into collections . users can access the site through a web browser or we heart its ios and android mobile apps .
sibers is an information technology outsourcing company that is headquartered in akademgorodok , silicon taiga , russia . currently , sibers is one of the largest it outsourcing companies in russia with development offices located in akademgorodok , novosibirsk , barnaul and bishkek and a total of 120 employees as of 2010 . sibers also has representatives located in australia , germany , and the united states . the company operates under its registered trademark name hirerussians as well .
global media group is a portuguese media holding company founded by portuguese sports mogul and fc porto s.a.d.s shareholder joaquim oliveira .
weogeo was acquired by trimble navigation in 2014 and is now known as trimble data marketplace . it allows users to discover , transform and download geospatial data . weogeo launched at the 2007 where 2.0 conference in san jose , ca . weogeo and safe software announced a partnership in 2008 to bring fme server to the cloud on amazon web services . weogeo was co-founded by w. paul bissett and dave kohler .
dayco products , formerly known as mark iv industries , is a parts supplier for construction , automotive , and industrial companies . the companies annual earnings are approximately 150 million usd . its main customers include caterpillar and general motors .
firefly learning is an educational technology company based in london , england with offices in sydney , australia that provides virtual learning platforms to hundreds of schools around the world . firefly allows teachers , students and parents to publish and access information from anywhere with an internet connection .
bankinter , s.a. , , is a spanish bank with its headquarters is in madrid . the bank is listed on the madrid stock exchange and is part of the ibex35 index .
atari , inc. was an american video game developer and home computer company founded in 1972 by nolan bushnell and ted dabney . primarily responsible for the formation of the video arcade and modern video game industries , the company was closed and its assets split in 1984 as a direct result of the north american video game crash of 1983 .
yellow rat bastard is the flagship establishment in a chain of new york city retail clothing stores and print magazine owned by henry ishay . it specializes in hip-hop-and alternative-style clothing and shoes .
vodafone kabel deutschland is the largest cable television operator in germany . kabel deutschland was subject to a hostile takeover bid by the british vodafone group in september 2013 the deal was approved in december 2013 and finalised on 29 january 2014 . until the takeover the company name was kabel deutschland .
sodefor is a subsidiary of nordsudtimber of liechtenstein that undertakes logging operations in the democratic republic of the congo . there has been controversy about the impact of the company on the environment and the local communities , .
riskdata is an international company that provides buy-side financial institutions with risk management solutions through a local or cloud-based software .
globe trailers is a privately held corporation headquartered in bradenton , florida , midway between tampa and naples . it is a semi-trailer manufacturer .
fletcher challenge is a now defunct multinational corporation from new zealand , formed in 1981 by the merger of fletcher holdings , challenge corporation and tasman pulp and paper . it was formerly the largest company in new zealand , with holdings in construction , forestry , building , and energy , initially within new zealand and then internationally .
microgen is russias largest producer of immunobiological products , one of the three largest pharmaceutical companies in russia . according to the russian minister of health , veronika skvortsova , microgen is of strategic importance for russias national security .
ecker line is a finnish shipping company owned by the land-based rederiaktiebolaget ecker . ecker line operates one ferry between helsinki and tallinn . ecker line should not be confused with the similarly named ecker linjen , also owned by rederiaktiebolaget ecker , which operates ferry services between berghamn in the land islands and grisslehamn in sweden .
blackstreet capital management , llc is a private equity firm that invests in and operates small to mid-sized distressed companies . the firm was founded in 2002 by murry gunty , who still acts as managing partner . blackstreet is based in chevy chase , maryland .
loftleiir hf , internationally known as icelandic airlines or loftleiir icelandic , was a private icelandic airline headquartered on the grounds of reykjavk airport in reykjavk , which operated mostly trans-atlantic flights linking europe and america , pioneering the low-cost flight business strategy on these routes .
the eurocement group is the biggest supplier of cement , ready-mix concrete and aggregates in russia . it has 16 cement plants across russia , ukraine and uzbekistan as well as several concrete mix plants , concrete goods factories and aggregate-mining quarries . the groups annual production capacity is 40 mt of cement and 10 mcm of concrete . aggregate resources : carbonate rock explored reserves amount to 2.8 billion tonnes granite-explored reserves amount to 1.8 billion tonnes .
london overground rail operations limited was a train operating company contracted to operate the london overground train service on the national rail network , under the franchise control of transport for london . the company was a 50/50 joint venture between arriva uk trains and mtr corporation .
pearson fuels is a privately held alternative fuel retailer founded in the san diego in 2003 . pearson fuels is notable as the first alternative fuel station in the united states to offer a comprehensive suite of alternate vehicle fuels including ethanol , biodiesel , compressed natural gas , propane , hydrogen , and electric vehicle charging . pearson fuels is headquartered in san diego .
davide campari-milano s.p.a. , trading as gruppo campari , is an italian company active since 1860 in the branded beverage industry . it produces spirits , wines , and soft drinks . from its signature product , campari bitter , its portfolio has been extended to include over 50 brands , including aperol , appleton , campari , dreher , cinzano , skyy vodka , and wild turkey and forty creek whiskey .
henry weinhards private reserve and blitz-weinhard are brands of beer first brewed in 1856 in portland , oregon . the brewery was owned by the brewer henry weinhard of the weinhard family , who also made a line of soft drinks which survives to this day .
wolf racing cars is an italian racing car constructor based in the province of brescia . it was founded in 2009 after avelon formula purchased the rights of walter wolf racing .
murray and roberts holdings ltd. is a south african based , engineering and mining contractor , located in johannesburg , south africa and is listed on the jse securities exchange . murray & roberts is south africas leading engineering , contracting and construction services company , with a primary focus on the resources-driven construction markets in industry & mining , oil & gas and power & energy in africa , middle east , southeast asia , australasia and north and south america .
volks , inc. -LRB- -RRB- is a japan-based corporation that produces garage kits and mecha kits as well as the dollfie , super dollfie and dollfie dream lines of dolls . the companys headquarters is in kyoto , with some 30 shops worldwide , and annual sales of about $ 50 million , as of 2008 .
aker drilling , was a norwegian drilling rig operation company based in stavanger , norway and majority owned by the aker group . it was listed on oslo stock exchange under the ticker - akd.in october 2011 , it was amalgamated into global operations of transocean and renamed to transocean norway drilling as , after the completion of the us $ 1.43 billion acquisition of aker drilling by transocean ltd.
kizad or the khalifa industrial zone was unveiled in november 2010 by abu dhabi ports in abu dhabi and officially opened in september 2012 .
monteverdi was a swiss brand of luxury cars created in 1967 by peter monteverdi and based in binningen on the southern edge of basel , switzerland .
the deseret telegraph company -RRB- was a telegraphy company headquartered in salt lake city , utah , united states . the company was organized in 1867 to direct operation of the recently completed deseret telegraph line its largest stakeholder was the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints . the deseret line ran north and south through the utah territory , connecting the numerous settlements with salt lake city and the first transcontinental telegraph .
ludwig drums is an american manufacturer of percussion instruments . the brand achieved significant popularity in the 1960s , through the endorsement of the beatles drummer ringo starr .
blis technologies limited is a biotechnology company that manufactures advanced probiotics for the mouth and throat . company founder professor john tagg is credited with developing and commercialising the worlds first probiotic for the mouth and throat . taggs research found that with the right balance of good bacteria , people enjoy better oral and throat health , as well as more pleasant breath .
paper mate is a registered division of sanford l.p. , a newell brands company that produces writing instruments . paper mates offices are located in oak brook , illinois along with those of newell rubbermaids other office products divisions .
yo ! sushi is a company that owns , operates , and franchises conveyor belt sushi restaurants , principally in the united kingdom , united states , europe , the middle east and australia .
tata power solar systems limited , formerly tata bp solar , is an indian company that specialises in solar energy services . the company manufactures solar modules , solar cells , and other solar products , and provides epc services for solar power projects . in february 2017 , tata power solar became the first indian company to ship over 1 gw solar modules worldwide . the companys manufacturing unit in bangalore has a production capacity of 300 mw of modules and 180 mw of cells .
qualitrol is a condition monitoring technology company headquartered in fairport , new york . qualitrol manufacturers and distributes partial discharge monitoring , asset protection equipment and information products for the electrical generation , transmission and distribution industries . the company also offers customer training and field services , such as on-site start-up and testing , customized maintenance , product upgrades , troubleshooting , and repair services .
phoenix technologies ltd is an american company that designs , develops and supports core system software for personal computers and other computing devices . the companys products commonly referred to as bios or firmware support and enable the compatibility , connectivity , security and management of the various components and technologies used in such devices . phoenix technologies and ibm developed the el torito standard .
cassina s.p. a. is an italian manufacturing company specialised in the creation of high-end designer furniture .
rowan companies plc , is an offshore drilling contractor that provides well drilling services to the petroleum industry . the company is incorporated in england and wales and headquartered in houston , texas .
vream , inc. was a us technology company that functioned between 1991 and 1996 . it was one of the first companies to develop pc-based software for authoring and viewing virtual reality environments .
bestseller a/s is a privately held family-owned clothing company based in denmark . the company was founded in 1975 and has 11 brands .
isilon is a scale out network-attached storage platform offered by dell emc for high-volume storage , backup and archiving of unstructured data . it provides a cluster-based storage array based on industry standard hardware , and is scalable to 50 petabytes in a single filesystem using its freebsd-derived onefs file system . an isilon clustered storage system is composed of three or more nodes .
sk planet co. , ltd. , a subsidiary of sk telecom , was established on and is an internet platform development company located in pangyo , south koreas silicon valley with operations in 8 countries . sk planet was spun off from sk telecom to focus on online services and has since evolved to focus on three core business services : e-commerce , online-to-offline services , and digital marketing .
global cloud xchange a subsidiary of reliance communications , sells access to the worlds largest private undersea cable system spanning more than 67,000 route kilometres , integrated with reliance communications 200,000 rkm of domestic fiber-optic backbone .
imimobile is a software and solutions company that enables organisations to use mobile and digital technologies to communicate and engage with their customers . the companys technologies act as a software layer between existing it systems , complex business processes and customer touch points across mobile , digital , and social media channels .
cole-parmer is a privately held scientific and industrial instrument distributor based in vernon hills , illinois .
samuel smiths old brewery , popularly known as samuel smiths or sam smiths , is an independent british brewery in tadcaster , north yorkshire , england . it is yorkshires oldest brewery , founded in 1758 .
dashed is a us restaurant delivery service founded in boston , massachusetts by phil dumontet in 2009 . the company provides rapid delivery for over 800 restaurants that dont have their own services in baltimore , boston , hoboken , new haven , philadelphia , providence and washington , dc .
abaris books is a scholarly publishing house based in norwalk , connecticut , which produces authoritative art reference books . abaris is renowned for its definitive collections of titles in art history and other subjects , and for its cataloguing of renowned artists such as albrecht drer , rembrandt van rijn , marcantonio raimondi , jean duvet , wenceslaus hollar , antonio tempesta , the carraccis , and caravaggio . the pictorial encyclopaedia , the illustrated bartsch , is pre-eminent in their collection .
parking panda is an online parking service that allows drivers to find and reserve parking in advance . in addition to providing drivers with mobile and web applications to find parking , they also help parking garage owners manage their inventory . parking panda launched and is headquartered in baltimore , maryland .
in other words feminist community center is an independent non-profit feminist bookstore , community center , events space in portland , oregon . its mission statement reads : in other words inspires and cultivates feminist community , nurturing social justice .
beechworth bakery is a chain of six bakeries started by tom otoole in beechworth in 1984 . beechworth is located in northeast victoria , australia , 290 kilometres north of melbourne and 40 kilometres from the twin cities of albury and wodonga which are situated either side of the victoria new south wales border . beechworth bakery was established by tom otoole in 1984 when he bought the ideal caf and turned it into a bakery .
mandalay resort group was a hotel-casino operator based in paradise , nevada . its major properties included mandalay bay , luxor , excalibur and circus circus , as well as half of the monte carlo . in terms of market capitalization , it was one of the largest casino operators in the world . its stock traded on the new york stock exchange with the ticker symbol cir and mbg .
fort , -RRB- is a ukrainian weapons manufacturer from vinnytsia , ukraine .
galore park is a specialist publisher of 11 + and 13 + educational resources for pupils at independent schools in the united kingdom . founded by former classics teacher nicholas oulton in 1999 , galore park was acquired by hodder education in april 2013 . galore park is also the publisher of h e marshalls our island story , cited by david cameron as being his favourite childhood book . galore park is based in london , england .
erm power is an australian energy company that operates electricity sales and electricity generation businesses .
windsor family credit union is a canadian credit union headquartered and located in windsor , ontario , canada . it is the sixth largest credit union in ontario operating ten retail locations and serving 34,400 members .
blu products , is an american consumer electronic company , founded in 2009 , and headquartered in miami , florida . the company designs re-branded low-cost mobile devices , and primarily sells smartphones that run on android software . the companys name , blu , stands for bold like us .
fabio perini s.p.a. is an italian engineering company specialized in machine design and manufacturing of industrial machinery for the paper making industry and the tissue converting industry . fabio perini s.p.a. is part of the international technology group krber , and belongs to its division krber process solutions . the management holding of the krber group , krber ag , is located in hamburg , germany .
glass eye pix is an independent film studio based in new york city , headed by producer larry fessenden since 1985 .
mott , hay and anderson was a successful 20th century firm of consulting civil engineers based in the united kingdom . the company traded until 1989 , when it merged with sir m macdonald & partners to form mott macdonald .
the mine is an american e-commerce company which sells home goods . formerly known as atg stores , the company was founded in 1999 and now sells a variety of home items including furniture , lighting and home decor . the companys headquarters are currently in kirkland , washington and is owned by lowes home improvement .
ef education first is an international education company that specializes in language training , educational travel , academic degree programs , and cultural exchange . the company was founded in 1965 by bertil hult in the swedish university town of lund . the company is privately held by the hult family . as of 2014 ef had approximately 37,000 employees in 55 countries .
the rank organisation was a british entertainment conglomerate founded by industrialist j. arthur rank in april 1937 . it quickly became the largest and most vertically integrated film company in britain , owning production , distribution and exhibition facilities . it also diversified into the manufacture of radios , tvs and photocopiers .
octaviar limited is an australian diversified investment company in the funds management and financial services sectors . the company , once valued at $ 2.4 billion was forced to sell its main asset , the stella group , in february 2008 and in march 2008 the value of the company had fallen to just $ 480 million . as of august 1 , 2009 the company is in liquidation . the company was delisted from the australian stock exchange on 31 august 2009 after failing to pay listing fees .
the maritime life assurance company was a canadian insurance company based in halifax , nova scotia , canada . it was founded in 1922 and in 2004 it became fully integrated with manulife financial , with the maritime life brand being retired . in 2004 it had 2700 employees . -LSB- 1 -RSB- the maritime life headquarters was located in armdale , nova scotia near the head of the northwest arm .
the riverbank was a bank offering banking , insurance and investment services . on october 7 , 2011 the minnesota department of commerce shut down the riverbank and subsequently the fdic was named receiver . to protect depositors , the fdic entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with central bank , stillwater , minnesota , to assume all of the deposits of the riverbank .
overman wheel company was an early bicycle manufacturing company in chicopee falls , massachusetts from 1882 to 1900 . it was known for bicycles of higher quality and lower weight than other bicycles of its time . despite a nationwide bicycle craze in the late 1800s , the company was undercut by lower-priced competition , nearly went bankrupt in 1897 , and never recovered from an 1899 fire . the company was sold in 1900 .
martin motors is an italian company headquartered in the quinto stampi district of milan . it was established by giuseppe martinelli , to manufacture automobiles , buses and commercial vehicles . the manufacturers assembly plant is located in tunisia .
connaught plc was a company in the united kingdom , operating in the social housing , public sector and compliance markets and was a constituent of the ftse 250 index .
oslo kino is a norwegian cinema company , based in oslo .
the william prym holding gmbh is the oldest family business in germany . the holding company is located in stolberg .
the matis group is a privately owned international company specialized in technological and management consulting . the group positions itself as engineering & advanced technology consulting service provider , product and process development partner for aeronautics and space , automotive , energies , railway , telecom , healthcare and information and communications technology industrial sectors .
kotayk brewery , is a brewing company founded in 1974 in abovyan , kotayk province , armenia .
saitek is a designer and manufacturer of consumer electronics founded in 1979 by swiss technologist eric winkler . they are best known for their pc gaming controllers , mice , keyboards , and their numerous analogue flight controllers such as joysticks , throttles , and rudder pedals .
gate petroleum is a privately held diversified corporation headquartered in jacksonville , florida , the 11th largest in florida in 2010 . in fy 2008 , the company ranked # 338 on the forbes list of americas largest private companies . according to forbes , it had sales of $ 1.44 billion and employed approximately 3,500 people , while jacksonville business journal indicated 2,200 employees in that same year .
ando cloisonn company is a japanese cloisonn making company located in sakae , nagoya , central japan .
sunsweet growers incorporated is an agricultural marketing cooperative founded in 1917 as the california prune and apricot growers association . sunsweet is headquartered in yuba city , california , usa . the company operates the largest dried fruit plant in the world .
the powercolor brand was established in 1997 by the tul corporation -LRB- -RRB- , based in new taipei city , taiwan . powercolor maintains office locations in a number of countries , including taiwan , the netherlands , and the united states . the united states branch is located in city of industry , california , and serves the north and latin american markets . tul also has another brand , vtx3d , which serves the european and some asian markets .
campus management corp. is a private company that provides software and services to colleges , universities , foundations , and other companies .
pleco is an english & chinese dictionary application for ios and android devices . the pleco software company was founded in may 2000 by michael love .
d biel transportation company is a bus company operated in zamboanga city and basilan province . it is a family business currently spearheaded by the zamboanga city lone district councilor , luis biel iii with a fleet of at least 50 buses and uv express service .
the eritrean telecommunication services corporation , more commonly known as eritel , is the sole operator of landline telephone communication infrastructure in eritrea . it is also the sole operator of the mobile telephone service . however , it is but one of several internet service providers in the country .
las iguanas is a casual dining restaurant chain originating from united kingdom with a latin american theme . founded in 1991 , las iguanas operates 54 outlets in the united kingdom as of 1 january 2018 . in 2003 , the group acquired its own cachaa sugar cane field and distillery on the fazenda do anil estate , outside rio de janeiro , in brazil . las iguanas specialises in latin american food from brazil , mexico and beyond cooked from scratch .
bourns , inc. is an american electronics company that develops , manufactures and supplies electronic components for a variety of industries including automotive , industrial , instrumentation , medical electronics , consumer equipment and portable electronics . established in altadena , california in 1947 by marlan and rosemary bourns , graduates of the university of michigan , the company was founded to develop and sell electronic components and sensors to the aerospace industry .
modelzone is a scale model brand owned by british retailer whsmith , under which scale models and related products are sold in selected whsmith stores and online .
alok industries is an indian iso 9001:2000 certified textile manufacturing company based in mumbai . its main business involves weaving , knitting , processing , home textiles , ready made garments and polyester yarns . it exports 26 % of its products to over 90 countries in the us , europe , south america , asia and africa .
prtm is a management consulting subsidiary of pwc . the firms business centers on the areas of operational strategy , supply chain innovation , product innovation , and customer experience innovation . prtm offers expertise across these industry sectors : automotive , aerospace and defense , chemicals and process industries , telecommunications , consumer goods and retail , electronics , energy , financial services , healthcare , private equity , public sector , semiconductor , and software .
jumbo interactive limited is an australian corporation and re-seller of lottery games in australia under agreement with government licensed lottery operator tatts group . jumbo interactive operates ozlotteries.com , one of australias largest e-commerce websites retailing australian lotteries , such as saturday lotto , oz lotto and powerball . jumbo interactive is a publicly listed corporation on the australian stock exchange .
parameswara art productions is an indian film production company established by bandla ganesh in 2009 . it is one of the biggest film production houses in south india and is one of the major production houses in the telugu film industry .
based in berlin and operating since 2008 , eat-the-world is a tourism company offering culinary tours in germany . walking food tours are offered in various cities throughout germany with each tour featuring culinary samples from restaurants and delicatessen , in addition to specialized insight into each citys history , culture , architecture , and entertainment .
knight ridder was an american media company , specializing in newspaper and internet publishing . until it was bought by the mcclatchy company on june 27 , 2006 , it was the second-largest newspaper publisher in the united states , with 32 daily newspapers sold . its headquarters were located in san jose , california .
the hale ranch is a working cattle ranch headquartered in the ghost town of harshaw , in the patagonia mountains of southeastern arizona .
this article describes the thailand-based company of this name . there are identically named pizza delivery services in other countries not related to this company . the pizza company is a restaurant chain and international franchise based in bangkok , thailand . with focus on pizza and italian-american cuisine , it is a wholly owned subsidiary of minor international .
munchery inc. is an online food ordering and meal delivery service that allows users to order meals for same-night delivery from local chefs .
ophir energy plc is an oil and gas exploration and production company based in london . it owns both operating and non-operating assets in africa , asia , and mexico . ophir is listed on the uk london stock exchange .
standard general l.p. , headquartered in new york city , was founded in 2007 by soohyung kim and nicholas singer with seed capital from reservoir capital group . since 2013 soohyung kim has been the managing partner and chief investment officer . in 2016 standard general l.p. was the recipient of the new york city comptrollers office diverse practitioner award . standard general was active in managing the bankruptcies of aliante casino and hotel , american apparel .
mxenergy is a retail natural gas and electricity supplier in north america . it was founded in 1999 to provide natural gas and electricity in deregulated energy markets . in 2006 , the company was named fourth on inc. magazines list of fastest growing private companies in america on the basis of revenue , 370th on the basis of growth rate . the company merged in 2012 with constellation energy .
burpee seeds , officially w. atlee burpee & co. , is a seed company that was founded by washington atlee burpee in 1876 . contrary to a natural folk etymology assumption , the company is not named after a relationship to burpless cucumbers .
national securities depository limited is an indian central securities depository based in mumbai . it was established on 8 november 1996 as the first electronic securities depository in india with national coverage based on a suggestion by a national institution responsible for the economic development of india .
bristol siddeley engines ltd was a british aero engine manufacturer . the company was formed in 1959 by a merger of bristol aero-engines limited and armstrong siddeley motors limited . in 1961 the company was expanded by the purchase of the de havilland engine company and the engine division of blackburn aircraft . bristol siddeley was purchased by rolls-royce limited in 1968 .
heineken lao brewery , previously known as lao asia pacific breweries , is a producer of beer in laos and is based in vientiane . it is the second brewer to be granted a beer investment license by the government of laos . the company is known as lao asia pacific breweries prior to march of 2017 .
dow jones & company is an american publishing and financial information firm that has been owned by news corp. since 2007 . the company was best known for the publication of the dow jones industrial average and related market statistics , dow jones newswire and a number of financial publications .
double vision is an asian provider of new media content , applications and services . established in 1985 , it has production hubs in malaysia and indonesia . double vision produces over 1,400 hours of television programming per year in various languages and genres for the regional market . it also houses international entertainment tv network , channel -LSB- v -RSB- , in its studios .
scentre group was created in june 2014 when the westfield group separated its american and european businesses from its operations in australia and new zealand . it is one of the worlds leading shopping centre companies with retail destinations operating under the westfield brand in australia and new zealand . the corporation undertakes ownership , development , design , construction , funds/asset management , property management , leasing , and marketing activities for its centres .
septentrio is a designer and manufacturer of high-end multi-frequency gnss receivers . its main target is to provide gnss receiver boards for further system integration by original equipment manufacturers . septentrios core technology is used in various professional fields such as land and airborne surveying , machine control , precise agriculture , marine applications , construction , timing etc.
founded in 1992 , altova is a commercial software development company with headquarters in beverly , ma , united states and vienna , austria that produces integrated xml , database , uml , and data management software development tools .
sse renewables is a renewable energy subsidiary of airtricity . airtricity was founded in 1997 in ireland and now is a renewable energy company owned by scottish and southern energy . it is an international wind farm developer and is currently building , in partnership with rwe npower renewables , the greater gabbard offshore wind farm which is the worlds largest offshore wind farm under construction .
minos emi is a record company based in athens , greece . the company serves as the greek record label and offices of the multinational universal music group . emi is credited for founding the record business in greece in the 1930s , by producing the first records and building the countrys first recording studio .
somtel is a telecommunications company headquartered in hargeisa , the capital of the internationally unrecognised republic of somaliland .
the tanzania postal bank plc. is a licensed commercial bank in tanzania and one has the roots of one of the oldest banking institutions in the country . the bank traces its roots to the tanganyika post office savings bank , which then formed an entirely independent entity from the tanzania posts corporation . in 2017 the bank aimed to list itself on the dar es salaam stock exchange and officially transformed into a public limited company .
gimlet media is a digital media company and podcast network , focused on producing narrative podcasts , headquartered in brooklyn , new york . the company was founded by alex blumberg and matthew lieber , who serve as the companys ceo and president respectively .
the great western arms company was founded in los angeles , california in 1953 to produce an american-made copy of the colt single action army revolver . colt had discontinued this model in 1940 . great western revolvers were used in many western movies and television shows of the 1950s and 1960s .
hoys roadlines was an australian bus operator based in the victorian city of wangaratta . from 1993 until 2004 the company also had a contract to operate train services on the shepparton line on behalf of the victorian state government .
majello was an italian factory producing porcelain of capodimonte .
stadtwerke kln gmbh is the infrastructure and services company of the city of cologne . the company undertakes water supply and electrical , gas , heat and steam energy supply through the subsidiary rheinenergie . other subsidiaries provide waste management and housing services for the city , in addition to operating the public baths . the subsidiaries klner verkehrs-betriebe and hfen und gterverkehr kln operate the citys urban and industrial transportation systems respectively .
sendo was a british manufacturer and supplier of mobile phones founded in 1998 and based in birmingham . the company went into administration in june 2005 and its technology was bought by motorola . the company specialised in low-cost handsets aimed primarily at the pay-as-you-go markets and also high-end symbian smartphones .
llp group is a holding company based in prague , czech republic specializing in business software consulting , software development , erp implementations .
the transamerica corporation is an american holding company for various life insurance companies and investment firms operating primarily in the united states , offering life and supplemental health insurance , investments , and retirement services . the companys main offices are in minnesota , denver , st. petersburg , florida and cedar rapids , iowa , with affiliated offices located throughout the united states .
scholarchip is a company that produces multifunctional id cards and services for contactless campus environments . its cards are nfc enabled and can be used to take attendance , monitor entry and exit , make payments , and monitor student activity . dr. maged atiya founded scholarchip in 2000 . the company is headquartered in hicksville , town of oyster bay , new york and has additional offices in new york city , philadelphia , portland , and baltimore .
farmigo is an online farmers market that connects consumers , workplaces , schools , apartment complexes and community centers directly to local farms . the company is a certified b corporation and has raised $ 8 million in series b financing led by sherbrooke capital and rsf social finance joined by series a lead investor benchmark capital .
aimco or apartment investment and management company is a publicly traded real estate investment trust . as of december 31 , 2017 , the company owned 182 apartment communities comprising 43,802 apartment units primarily in atlanta , the san francisco bay area , boston , chicago , denver , the washington metropolitan area , los angeles , miami , new york city , philadelphia , san diego , and seattle .
the marina district development company , llc was a joint venture of boyd gaming corporation and mgm resorts international that was established to develop and operate the borgata hotel casino and spa in atlantic city , new jersey .
choicequote insurance services is part of the gan uk group , the uk broker division of groupama insurances . choicequote currently employs around 70 staff at its head office in liverpool , with other branches in manchester and glasgow .
daihatsu motor co. , ltd. is one of the oldest surviving japanese internal combustion engine manufacturers , later known for its range of smaller kei models and off-road vehicles . the headquarters are located in ikeda , osaka prefecture . the company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the toyota motor corporation since august 2016 .
squirrel systems is a burnaby-based point of sale vendor specializing in hospitality management systems . squirrel is based in burnaby , canada .
discovery limited is a south africa-based financial services group that is listed on the johannesburg stock exchange with its headquarters in sandton .
bayan productions , inc. is a co-production of abs-cbn , responsible for the public affairs programme magandang gabi , bayan . at the helm of bayan productions is arlene de castro , who is also abs-cbns former vice president for current affairs .
world championship wrestling was an australian professional wrestling promotion that ran from 1964 until 1978 .
lightbank is a financial organization that specializes in making venture capital investments in disruptive technology companies in the united states including seed investments , series a round and late-stage investments . it combines investment with guidance and direct involvement with the companies it invests in . unlike most such companies , it does not concentrate on silicon valley , but has a presence across the united states . it was founded by brad keywell and eric lefkofsky .
lantiq was a fabless semiconductor company of approximately 1,000 people based in germany . on february 2 , 2015 it was announced that intel would purchase the company for an undisclosed sum .
icewarp , inc. is a software company located in springfield , va that provides messaging , voice and collaboration solutions for small , medium and enterprise level businesses . icewarp has offices in the united states and the czech republic . the company has been in business since 1998 and as of 2016 is used by over 50,000 businesses around the world . icewarp messaging server is icewarps core product which is used as an alternative to microsoft exchange .
ampeg is a manufacturer of musical instruments , especially the musical instrument amplifier , established by everett hull and stanley michaels in 1946 . although the company specializes in the production of bass amplifiers , they also manufacture guitar amplifiers . in the past , ampeg also manufactured several instruments including pickups , double basses , bass guitars , and electric guitars .
safran landing systems is a french company involved in the design , development , manufacture and customer support of all types of aircraft landing gear , wheels and brakes and a wholly owned subsidiary of safran sa . it is the worlds largest manufacturer of aircraft landing gear . the company projects are divided into two business units : airbus & european programs and boeing & north american programs .
the trade centre wales is wales largest used car sales company , their headquarters is in neath , wales and have showrooms in neath , merthyr tydfil & abercynon followed by branches in wednesbury and coventry trading under the brand name the trade centre uk , the latter being europes largest used car supermarket . the company employs over 550 staff across multiple locations in england and wales .
fixstars solutions , inc is a software and services company specializing in multi-core processors , particularly in nvidias gpu and cuda environment , ibm power7 , and cell . they also specialize in solid-state drives and currently manufacture the worlds largest sata drives . during the early part of 2010 , fixstars developed a strong relationship with nvidia and focused its linux distribution for gpu computing .
floridas natural growers is an agricultural cooperative based in lake wales , florida . it is currently owned by over 1,100 grower members . it was the only national orange juice maker that uses only us-grown fruit in its products .
gammon construction limited is a leading construction and engineering contractor headquartered in victoria , hong kong . in addition to local construction projects , it also involved in construction and engineering various projects in china and southeast asia .
wests nz is a manufacturer of soft drinks and cordials based in dunedin , new zealand . it is the oldest continuous manufacturer of soft drinks in new zealand .
ossian studios inc. is a developer of role-playing games for the neverwinter nights and neverwinter nights 2 franchise of pc games .
wawa inc. -LRB- -RRB- is an american chain of convenience stores and gas stations located along the east coast of the united states , operating in pennsylvania , new jersey , delaware , maryland , virginia , washington , d.c. , and florida . the companys corporate headquarters is located in the wawa area of chester heights , pennsylvania in greater philadelphia .
dreamrift is an american independent video game developer based in orlando , florida , founded in 2009 . they have developed two video games for nintendos handheld systems nintendo ds and nintendo 3ds : monster tale and epic mickey : power of illusion .
streamline pictures was an american media company that was best known for its distribution of english-dubbed japanese animation .
the karnataka state road transport corporation is a state-owned road transportation company in the state of karnataka in india . corporation has the largest fleet of volvo buses among state owned transport companies in india . it is wholly owned by the government of karnataka .
jess3 is an interactive agency based in los angeles , ca , specializing in data visualization , social media strategy , infographics , branding and web design . the firm has worked with clients including google , nike , intel , facebook , espn , and samsung .
slipgate studios is a danish video game developer headquartered in aalborg , denmark . the companys policy encourages its staff to work from home . this has led to the development team becoming international in its composition , employing developers from ten different countries . the distribution of work tasks and discussion of progress is done virtually , through a private company forum .
hebei airlines is a chinese airline which has its corporate headquarters in the shijiazhuang world trade plaza hotel in changan district , shijiazhuang , hebei province .
crytek uk limited was a british video game developer based in nottingham , england . founded by david doak , stephen john steve ellis , karl ivar hilton and graeme norgate in stoke-on-trent on 29 october 1998 , they were best known for their timesplitters series of games . after going into financial administration , it was announced on 4 february 2009 that the studio had been acquired by german video game developer crytek and would be renamed crytek uk .
sumitomo corporation is one of the largest worldwide sogo shosha general trading companies , and is a diversified corporation . the company was incorporated in 1919 , and is a member company of the sumitomo group . it is listed on four japanese stock exchanges and is a constituent of the topix and nikkei 225 stock indices . today , the company is one of the top three sg shsha companies in the world .
mexico real cafe is a british coffee company specialising in specialty coffee and gourmet coffee from mexico . it is present on 2 continents and in 6 countries : canada , united states , italy , france , spain and united kingdom . mexico real cafes headquarters are in london , greater london , uk .
arsenal design bureau is an engineering company active in the fields of space technology , ship artillery and civilian machine building . the company was founded in 1711 and is located in saint petersburg in the russian federation . its full name is arsenal design bureau named after mikhail vasilevich frunze federal state unitary enterprise .
lowcostholidays was a travel company and a consumer-facing brand of the lowcosttravelgroup , which was founded in 2004 . it operated to destinations worldwide , with a focus on european city and beach breaks . around 500 people worked for the brand , which was based in palma de mallorca , with additional offices located in london , and krakow . the company collapsed and went into administration on 15 july 2016 . the collapse of the company was blamed on low turnover in the aftermath of the brexit vote .
schramsberg vineyards is a winery located in calistoga , california in the napa valley region . the vineyard , which was founded in 1862 , produces a series of sparkling wines using the same method as champagne . schramsberg is considered one of the premium brands in the production of sparkling wine in california and the first u.s. wine to match the style and quality of the best french champagnes .
quark pharmaceuticals is a pharmaceutical company that develops rna interference-based treatments for chronic and acute diseases .
goodtimes entertainment , ltd. was an american home video company that originated in 1984 under the name of goodtimes home video . though it produced its own titles , the company was well-known due to its distribution of media from third parties and classics . the founders for the company were the brothers kenneth , joseph and stanley cayre of salsoul records . its headquarters were in midtown manhattan , new york city .
otis spunkmeyer inc. is a baked goods distribution company widely known for its name and flagship line of muffins and cookies . although a relatively small company , otis spunkmeyer has enjoyed a large amount of success in the industry , with clients ranging from small family-owned businesses and restaurants to worldwide military organizations such as the united states army . in addition to its famous muffins and cookies , otis spunkmeyer also produces frozen cookie doughs and other pastries .
bi-lo was an australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers . once a chain of 180 outlets , bi-lo stores were progressively re-branded as coles supermarkets from 2006 , or closed . on 30 june 2017 the final store in loganholme , queensland closed .
ringtons is a tea manufacturing business based in newcastle upon tyne , north east england . it was founded in 1907 by samuel smith and delivered tea across the nation through a door to door service which still continues today . although famous for tea , ringtons soon sold other groceries and products including coffee , biscuits and sweets .
shearings is europes largest coach tour operator , specialising in holidays for the over-55s including escorted tours , short breaks , river cruises and ocean cruises . the companys head office is in wigan , with its hotel divisions headquarters in torquay .
turner sports car company limited was a 1950s british sports car manufacturer , that closed in 1966 .
dr pepper snapple group , inc. is an american soft drink company , based in plano , texas . formerly called cadbury schweppes americas beverages , on may 5 , 2008 , it was spun off from britains cadbury schweppes , with trading in its shares starting on may 7 , 2008 . cadbury schweppes plc went on to become cadbury plc on may 5 , 2008 . in january 2018 , keurig green mountain confirmed it would merge with the company to form keurig dr pepper . the merger is due to be completed by mid-2018 .
zero motorcycles inc. is an american manufacturer of electric motorcycles . formerly called electricross , it was started in 2006 by neal saiki , a former nasa engineer , in santa cruz , california . the company is now located nearby in scotts valley . zero makes a line of 100 % electric motorcycles including the zero s , sr , and fxs , and the zero ds , dsr , and fx .
adinstruments is an international company that produces data acquisition and analysis systems for the life sciences industry . it is headquartered in dunedin , new zealand and has more than 170 staff worldwide . voted a finalist in kenexa / jra top 10 best place to work in 2009 , 2010. , 2011 and 2012 , and voted number one place to work in the life sciences industry in 2012 by the scientist magazine .
revel systems is an ipad-based point of sale system , which was co-founded by lisa falzone and christopher ciabarra . it is now majority owned by private equity firm welsh , carson , anderson & stowe .
bharati defence and infrastructure limited is one of the largest shipbuilding companies in india .
a10 networks is a u.s. public company , based in san jose , calif. , that provides a range of high-performance application security and networking solutions that help organizations ensure that business critical applications are protected , reliable and always available . the company is known for manufacturing highly scalable application delivery controllers and expanded into intelligent automation , machine learning and security solution solutions .
greyhound de mxico , s.a. de c.v. is a mexican non-carrier subsidiary of dallas , texas , based greyhound lines , providing marketing services in spanish for other subsidiary companies with cross-border bus routes .
kering s.a. is an international luxury group based in paris , france . it owns various luxury goods brands , including gucci , yves saint laurent , balenciaga , alexander mcqueen , bottega veneta , boucheron and brioni , as well as puma and volcom in its sport & lifestyle portfolio . the company was known from 2005 to 2013 as ppr and was known before 2005 as pinault-printemps-redoute . it has been quoted on euronext paris since 1988 and has been a constituent of the cac 40 index since 1995 .
tictail is a social shopping website for shoppers to discover emerging designers around the world . for brands , the platform is a diy e-commerce tool focused on strong community integration , simplicity of use , and attractive , customizable design . with no need for coding or web-design experience , small business owners are given the tools to build global brands . for shoppers , tictail is a destination to discover and shop home decor and fashion finds from a global community of emerging designers .
clustrix , inc. is a san francisco-based private company founded in 2006 that develops a database management system marketed as newsql .
soluto was a device protection service offered by the identically named company that integrates a mobile app , web portal , proactive communications , and remote device management into one service . as part of a premium service , soluto enabled users to contact premier support technicians . soluto offered access via the web as part of soluto pc management platform .
xaitment is a german-based company that develops and sells artificial intelligence software to video game developers and simulation developers . the company was founded in 2004 by dr. andreas gerber , and is a spin-off of the german research centre for artificial intelligence , or dfki . xaitment has its main office in quierschied , germany , and field offices in san francisco and china .
brinker international , inc. is an american multinational hospitality industry company that owns chilis and maggianos little italy restaurant chains . founded in 1975 and based in dallas , texas , brinker currently owns , operates , or franchises 1,629 restaurants under the names chilis grill & bar and maggianos little italy worldwide .
spectrasensors , inc. is a manufacturer of optical-based gas sensors for the industrial process , environmental monitoring and clean technology markets . the companys sensors measure the absorption of laser light at specific wavelengths to detect carbon dioxide and water vapor in industrial process control and environmental monitoring applications .
the red star line was an ocean passenger line founded in 1871 as a joint venture between the international navigation company of philadelphia , which also ran the american line , and the socit anonyme de navigation belgo-amricaine of antwerp , belgium . the companys main ports of call were antwerp in belgium , liverpool and southampton in the united kingdom and new york city and philadelphia in the united states .
corona was a brand of carbonated soft drink produced by thomas & evans ltd in south wales , and distributed across the united kingdom . the firm was created by grocers william thomas and william evans when they saw a market for soft drinks caused by the growing influence of the temperance movement . the companys first factory was based in porth , rhondda , eventually expanding to 87 depots and factories throughout britain .
netto was a discount supermarket chain in the united kingdom . netto arrived in the united kingdom in december 1990 , as part of an internationalisation process by its danish owner , dansk supermarked a/s . by may 2010 , it operated 193 stores , before it was sold to asda . in june 2014 dansk supermarked returned netto to the united kingdom , as a 50:50 joint venture with sainsburys .
e-co energi is a norwegian power company and after statkraft the second largest producer of electricity in norway .
mkb raduga is a russian aerospace company , concerned with the production of various missile systems and related technologies . it is headquartered in dubna in the moscow oblast . it was formerly a division of the mikoyan-gurevich design bureau , before being spun off as a separate okb in march 1957 .
oregon steel mills , inc. is a subsidiary of the russia steel producer evraz group s.a. and has operations in portland , oregon , united states , and also with facilities in colorado and alberta . operated as evraz oregon steel mills , inc. , the company produces items such as structural tubing , pipes , and steel rails .
smarsh is a multinational software as a service company headquartered in portland , oregon , with offices in new york , boston , raleigh , north carolina and london . the company provides comprehensive archiving and has compliance , supervision and e-discovery solutions for companies in highly regulated industries , including public sector and financial services .
gilbert is a sports equipment manufacturing brand , specialising in rugby union and netball .
new senior investment group is a publicly-traded real estate investment trust that invests in retirement homes . as of december 31 , 2017 , the company owned 133 primarily private pay senior housing properties in 37 states in the united states , making it one of the largest publicly-traded owners of retirement homes . the company is externally managed by an affiliate of fortress investment group .
hubstaff is a us company that provides staff monitoring through time tracking software . the company was founded after its co-founders wanted a better way to manage their team of freelancers . the company is an advocate for the introduction of staff monitoring services for united states government roles . this was following a number of large invoices that have been paid by the us government for contracted work , with no proof of the hours spent on the project .
meludia is a french-based company that offers an online interactive education platform to master the fundamentals of music . the meludia method is based upon progressive interactive listening exercises , using two main frameworks designed by vincent chaintrier . the sema model represents the 4 levels of music perception : sensations , emotions , memory , analysis . the 7 dimensions of music represent : rhythm , spatialization , dynamic , form , timbre , melody and harmony .
qorvo is an american semiconductor company that designs , manufactures , and supplies radio-frequency systems and solutions for applications that drive wireless and broadband communications , as well as foundry services . the company , which trades on nasdaq , was created by the merger of triquint semiconductor and rf micro devices , which was announced in 2014 and completed on january 1 , 2015 .
check into cash is a financial services retailer with more than 1,100 stores in 30 states . the company was founded in 1993 by w. allan jones in cleveland , tennessee , where the headquarters are located today . the firm offers payday loans , online payday advances , title loans , bill payment services , check cashing , reloadable prepaid debit cards , and western union money transfers and money order services .
regional maple leaf communications inc is a canadian publishing company located in edmonton , alberta . the company specializes in community interest childrens magazines distributed free of charge in select communities across canada . rmcs five major annual publications are the elementary safety book for children , drug facts for young people , the teenage survival handbook , green planet for kids , and the childrens book of celebrations .
sir w g armstrong whitworth & co ltd was a major british manufacturing company of the early years of the 20th century . with headquarters in elswick , newcastle upon tyne , armstrong whitworth engaged in the construction of armaments , ships , locomotives , automobiles and aircraft .
pampa film was an argentine film production company that was active in the 1930s and 1940s . it is known for its classic prisioneros de la tierra .
deluxe coachlines was an australian interstate coach operator .
tobii dynavox is a u.s.-based developer , manufacturer and distributor of speech generating devices headquartered in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . the company was formed in 1983 and has since become the leading provider of speech communication devices and symbol-adapted special education software used to assist individuals in overcoming speech , language and learning challenges .
ferozsons limited is a pakistani publishing company in lahore , pakistan . it is a book publishing house in pakistan since 1894 with an estimated net worth of rs 8 billion . recently , a laboratory was also established in lahore .
sonae indstria is a manufacturer of engineered wood products , founded and headquartered in maia , portugal . present in five countries within three continents , sonae indstria has a wide range of products , from simple board to complete construction systems , a large range of wood-based products and materials for furniture , construction and decoration .
seneca data is a private company categorized under computers , peripherals , and software . the company manufactures custom computers out of syracuse , ny .
animoto is a cloud-based video creation service that produces video from photos , video clips , and music into video slideshows . animoto is based in new york city with an office in san francisco .
the taylor-reed corporation was an american food manufacturer and packager that operated from 1939 to approximately 1977 . it was founded by two yale classmates , malcolm p. taylor and charles m. d. reed , who had worked together on the campus humor magazine the yale record .
kitty films was a production company established in 1972 in japan .
powdr is one of the largest ski resort operators in north america , along with boyne resorts , peak resorts , intrawest , aspen skiing company and vail resorts . unlike its competitors , powdr focuses on being an adventure lifestyle company rather than on real estate development . it is owned by the cumming family and headquartered in park city , utah .
the north brothers manufacturing company , was an american manufacturer based in philadelphia , pennsylvania that specialized in the making of hand tools , small appliances and some specialized power tools . they were family owned and operated for over 60 years before being acquired by the stanley works in 1946 . they are probably most well known for their line of tools , particularly the yankee brand of ratcheting screwdrivers .
for the now-defunct chain of department stores in the midwestern united states , see marshall fieldsfields stores ltd. is a canadian discount store company owned by fhc holdings , with 62 locations in british columbia , alberta , saskatchewan , manitoba , and the northwest territories .
communicus is an international advertising research firm that has contributed significantly to the field of advertising , and to the body of learning about advertising . through its use of the longitudinal design for advertising research , the company produces evidence that advertising does , in fact , work and that its impact can be measured .
mlesna tea is a tea company owned by euro-scan exports based in sri lanka . the company produces a range of loose teas , tea bags and gifts including : black tea , green tea , flavoured teas , and herbal teas .
amylin pharmaceuticals was a biopharmaceutical company based in san diego , ca , that was founded in 1987 . the company was engaged in the discovery , development and commercialization of drug candidates for the treatment of diabetes , obesity and other diseases . amylin produced three drugs : symlin , byetta and bydureon .
comau is an italian multinational company based in turin , italy and is part of the fca group . comau is an integrated company in the industrial automation field with an international network of 35 operative centers , 15 manufacturing plants and 5 innovation centers worldwide .
xbrl international is the international standards organization which develops and maintains the xbrl standard and related specifications in order to improve business reporting for the public good . it is a global not-for-profit consortium of approximately 600 public and private organisations working together to support the collection , sharing and use of structured data for data reporting and analysis .
arbejdernes landsbank is a danish bank founded in 1919 with approximately 250.000 customers and 1,075 employees . it is the 7th largest bank in denmark . as of 2014 the bank has 70 branches in denmark .
grin was a video game developer based in stockholm , sweden . founded by bo and ulf andersson in 1997 , grin worked on numerous titles for the pc , consoles and arcade . the company became defunct in 2009 , and its founders went on to create overkill software .
suguna foods private limited is an indian multinational food products company headquartered in coimbatore , india . the company was started in 1984 and is involved in broiler farming , hatcheries , feed mills , processing plants and vaccines manufacturing for poultry . it markets and exports broiler chicken , frozen chicken , chicken eggs and is the largest poultry company in india . the company also runs quick-service restaurants in tie ups with private restaurants in bangalore .
leeco is a chinese multinational conglomerate corporation founded by jia yueting , the founder of le.com . the group maintains ventures in consumer electronics , automobiles , film and other business . the holding company of the group is known as leshi holding co. , ltd. pinyin : lsh kngg bijng yuxin gngs -RRB- . leeco has expanded to countries outside of china , such as the united states and india .
archant limited is a newspaper and magazine publishing company headquartered in norwich , england . the group publishes four daily newspapers , around 50 weekly newspapers , and 80 consumer and contract magazines . archant employs around 1,250 employees , mainly in east anglia , the home counties and the west country , and was known as eastern counties newspapers group until march 2002 .
vilmorin is a french seed producer . the company has a long history in france , where it was family-controlled for almost two centuries , and today exists as a publicly traded company owned principally by agro-industrial cooperative groupe limagrain , the largest plant breeding and seed company in the european union .
encore capital group , inc. and its subsidiaries form the largest publicly traded debt buyer by revenue in the united states . it has operations and investments in 15 countries . encores subsidiaries purchase portfolios of consumer receivables from major banks , credit unions , commercial retailers , and telecommunications companies , and work with individuals to repay their debts .
tyntec is a global application-to-person messaging operator , cloud communications provider , and a us inter-carrier vendor incorporated in london , uk . its main offices are in munich and dortmund , germany . it operates offices in singapore , san francisco and dallas , usa . its core competency is to enable the easy integration of three key telco services : sms , voice and mobile numbers .
alloy ventures is a private equity firm focusing on early-stage venture capital investments in life sciences , information technology and cleantech companies . the company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in palo alto , california .
muuto is a scandinavian design company based in copenhagen , denmark . the product range includes furniture and other design products .
franchise pictures llc was an independent motion picture production and distribution company with warner bros. entertainment , founded by elie samaha and andrew stevens . they were known for their production in the action film genre . the company also had a short-lived video game arm , franchise interactive . as of 2009 , the franchise pictures library , along with that of thinkfilm , is now owned by orange holdings llc .
malmaison operates fifteen hotels in the united kingdom . the company was established in 1994 , and is now owned by singapore-based frasers hospitality group .
pgs entertainment is a privately owned investment family group dedicated to brand management of independent producers childrens television programming . pgs broadcast and media partners include nickelodeon , disney channel , cartoon network , and free-to-air broadcasters such as super rtl , rai , abc , and neox .
mobility carsharing is a swiss cooperative of car sharing . it covers almost all organised carsharing in switzerland . mobility offers 2930 vehicles at 1500 sites and 200 scooter in zurich for private customers as well as mobility solutions for companies .
arep is a multidisciplinary consultancy that is wholly owned by sncf . it was formed in 1997 by jean-marie duthilleul and tienne tricaud , architects and engineers . it has 600 staff from around 15 countries , including town planners , architects , engineers , economists , technicians , designers , and project managers .
evertune is an american company that produces the evertune bridge , designed to keep guitar strings in tune .
tmf group is a multinational professional services firm headquartered in amsterdam , the netherlands . the independent group provides accounting , tax , hr and payroll services to businesses operating on an international scale . tmf group s. tmf group , with 125 offices in 83 jurisdictions , employing approximately 7,000 people , provides compliance and administrative services to over 15,000 clients in a 10 billion market .
fish information and services claims to be the worlds largest online provider of information for the fishing industry . it is a privately held company founded in tokyo in 1995 by yasuo kunimitsu and andre daniel loubet-jambert , providing a broad range of information on fishing , seafood , and aquaculture . according to the publisher , the site - which is available in three languages : english , japanese and spanish - receives approximately 330,000 pageviews per month .
waltham manufacturing company was a manufacturer of bicycles , motorcycles , motorized tricycles and quadricycles , buckboards , and automobiles in waltham , massachusetts . it sold products under the brand names orient , waltham , and waltham-orient . the company was founded in 1893 , moving to self-propelled vehicles after 1898 .
airhop communications is a privately funded american corporation based in san diego , ca . airhop develops radio access network software that addresses the installation , operation and performance challenges of multi-layer deployments of small cells in 3g and 4g networks . airhops customers are typically base station equipment vendors for wireless network operators .
melecs is an international austrian electronics manufacturing services service provider . in addition to the austrian locations in vienna , siegendorf and lenzing , melecs has factories in gyr , hungary and wuxi , china . the company develops and manufactures electronic components for the automotive , industrial , communications , lighting and domestic appliances sector .
mannkind corporation is a biopharmaceutical company focusing on the discovery , development , and commercialization of therapeutic products for diseases such as diabetes and pulmonary arterial hypertension . based in westlake village , california , the company was founded in february 1991 .
the advertising standards council of india , established in 1985 , is a self-regulatory voluntary organization of the advertising industry in india . it is a non-government body . asci is committed to the cause of self - regulation in advertising ensuring the protection of the interest of consumers .
regency enterprises is an american entertainment company formed by arnon milchan . it was founded in 1991 as the successor to regency international pictures formerly known as embassy international pictures n.v. .
article one partners , l.l.c. is a venture-funded online prior art search community based in new york city , new york . aop provides crowdsourced prior-art-search services by utilizing an online research community . the companys president stated that , as of june 30 , 2016 , aop comprises more than 37,000 in over 170 countries . since launching in late 2008 , aop states that , as of october 2016 , it has rewarded more than us $ 7,487,672 to its researchers .
cronlab limited is a privately held limited company which provides information security web filtering software solutions to businesses and consumers either directly or via integration into third party products . cronlab has offices in london , united kingdom and gothenburg , sweden .
flowtite technology as is a norwegian technology company , owned by amiantit group . it develops grp pipe manufacturing technology and designs tailor-made manufacturing equipment under the brand name flowtite .
spode is a well-known english brand of pottery and homewares produced by the company of the same name which is based in stoke-on-trent .
trackingpoint is an american , austin , texas-based applied technology company that created the first precision guided firearm , a long-range rifle system .
madrigal shipping lines is a privately held company that is headquartered in st. leonards , nsw , australia . it is registered in the australian stock exchange under bluefreeway limited asx : bluthe company ventured to another field and built more companies , now called the madrigal group which operates mainly in australia , malaysia , philippines , macau , singapore , italy and recently opening its companys arm in the netherlands . information are limited due to the companys privatization .
jardine matheson holdings limited , also known as jardines , is a british conglomerate incorporated in bermuda , with its primary listing on the singapore exchange . the majority of its business interests are in asia , and its subsidiaries include jardine pacific , jardine motors , jardine lloyd thompson , hongkong land , jardine strategic holdings , dairy farm , mandarin oriental hotel group , jardine cycle & carriage and astra international .
thtc is an ethically driven underground clothing label , specialising in environmentally friendly , politically conscious street wear made of hemp , bamboo , organic cotton and other sustainable fabrics . it was founded by brothers drew and gav lawson and dan sodegren in 1999 .
billycart kids is an australian company who make and distribute billycarts .
pernixdata was a software company based in san jose , california . pernixdata was co-founded in february 2012 by poojan kumar and satyam vaghani . its main product is pernixdata fvp , which is software for virtualizing server-side flash memory and random-access memory .
redis labs is a private computer software company based in mountain view , california . it provides a database management system marketed as nosql as open source software or as a service using cloud computing . the company has additional offices in london and tel aviv .
burger machine holdings corporation , more commonly known as burger machine , is one of the notable fast food companies in the philippines . it is a sub-company of the gilmore food corporation . unlike jollibee and other burger chains , burger machine has always been retailing in outdoor stands instead of shops .
trailfinders is a travel company in the united kingdom and ireland . it is the largest independently owned travel company in the united kingdom , and has 29 travel centres in the uk and three in ireland . the company specialises in tailormade travel worldwide . including australia , new zealand , north & south america , asia & africa .
giants are small is an entertainment company based in brooklyn , new york . founded in 2007 by visual artist/director doug fitch , producer/filmmaker edouard getaz and multimedia entrepreneur frederic gumy , the company produces live and digital entertainment ranging from opera and ballet to family entertainment .
summer playbook is a website that helps students meet up by showing their locations and how they would like to interact . luke heine founded the program in order to connect harvard students during the summer of 2014 , and is now used by students from 138 universities in over 120 countries .
ecua-andino hats is an ecuadorian company founded in 1985 by alejandro lecaro and dgar snchez . the brand is dedicated to the production and exportation of panama hats . it is one of the most important companies producing finished panama hats in ecuador .
boomf is a uk company that delivers personalised gifts through the letterbox . the company launched in 2013 selling personalised marshmallows with photos printed on top . boomf now offer a range of gifts including photo printed chocolate , the boomf bomb and the boomf flutter .
banco do brasil s.a. is the second largest bank by assets in brazil and all of latin america . the bank , headquartered in braslia , was founded in 1808 and is the oldest active bank in brazil , even older than the countrys central bank . it is also one of the oldest banks in continuous operation in the world .
demarini sports , inc. is an american manufacturer of baseball bats and other sports equipment headquartered in hillsboro , oregon , united states . the company is known for producing baseball and softball bats with innovations that provide enhanced hitting power .
old orchard brands , llc is a sparta , michigan-based juice company , owned by lassonde industries .
bt mydonate is a not-for-profit online fundraising service provided by united kingdom telecommunications company bt group for charities in the uk , and was launched on 6 april 2011 as part of bts investment to the community . the service passes on 100 % of all donations made through the site to the charity , excluding credit/debit card charges and doesnt charge a subscription fee or take commission .
shoppers stop is an indian department store chain , owned by the k raheja corp group . there are 83 stores across 38 cities in india , with clothing , accessories , handbags , shoes , jewellery , fragrances , cosmetics , health and beauty products , home furnishing and decor products similar to asavliving .
the fenton art glass company was founded in 1905 by brothers frank l. fenton and john w. fenton .
joyva is a chocolate and confectionery manufacturer headquartered in brooklyn , new york . it was started in 1907 by a newly immigrated russian man named nathan radutzky who was looking to start a company producing and selling sesame-based halvah . the company is still family-owned and continues to operate out of its brooklyn location . over the years the company expanded its production to include a variety of sesame , marshmallow , and jelly-based candies .
fox atomic was a production label of film studios 20th century fox and fox searchlight pictures created in 2006 to generate comedy and genre films . in 2008 , following overall disappointing results , fox atomic scaled back its production operations and shut down all marketing divisions . in 2009 , the label was shut down , with films in development transferred to other fox labels .
rheem manufacturing company is an american privately held manufacturer that produces residential and commercial water heaters and boilers , as well as heating , ventilating and air conditioning equipment . the company also produces and sells products under the ruud brand name . it is a subsidiary of paloma industries . what became rheem started in 1925 as a supplier of packaging to the petroleum industry , and is currently headquartered in atlanta , georgia in the united states .
the irvine company is an american private company focused on real estate development . it is headquartered in newport beach , california , with a large portion of its operations centered in and around irvine , california , a planned city of 250,000 people mainly designed by the irvine company . the company was founded by the irvine family and is currently wholly owned by donald bren . since the company is private , its financials are not released to the public .
birch grove software , inc. is a privately owned security software company which develops cloud-based productivity monitoring software for network administration as software as a service . founded in 1995 , the company is headquartered in dallas , tx .
texas dow employees credit union is a credit union based in lake jackson , texas , with 40 additional branch offices in texas . tdecu is the largest houston-area credit union , and fourth largest in the state of texas , with over 263,000 members and assets of $ 3.05 billion as of june 2017 . in 2014 , they purchased the naming rights to the university of houston cougars football stadium , tdecu stadium .
mainska industrija ni or mechanical industry ni , is holding corporation which engaged in the energy , mining , process engineering , equipment for agriculture and a railways program . it maintains production facilities in ni , svrljig , gadin han , itoraa , meroina , and veliki bonjic . its headquarters and main production facilities are located in the city of ni . it declared bankruptcy in april 2015 .
confederate motors is an american manufacturer of exotic street motorcycles in birmingham , alabama . it was founded in 1991 by trial lawyer h. matthew chambers , as an initiative seeking enlightened design through true american inspiration . in 2017 the company announced plans to switch to electric motorcycles made in california by zero motorcycles , and rename itself to curtiss motorcycles , due to the business impact of association with the us confederacy .
safeco insurance , a member of liberty mutual group , is a national u.s. insurance company . it holds naming rights to the seattle mariners baseball stadium , safeco field .
valley metro bus is a transit bus system for public transport in maricopa county , arizona , united states . buses are operated by private companies contracted by valley metro and the city of phoenix . service currently operates throughout the broader phoenix metropolitan area . all buses have wheelchair ramps or lifts , and with the exception of paratransit vehicles all buses have bike racks .
abdallah candies is a 4th-generation , family-owned chocolatier and confectionery in burnsville , minnesota . it was established in minneapolis by lebanese immigrant albert abdallah and his wife of swedish descent , helen trovall , as the calhoun candy depot in 1909 . the company was renamed abdallah candy company in 1916 .
central pattana public company limited , ipa : -LSB- sentran pttna -RSB- -RRB- is thailands largest retail property development and investment company . it is a business unit under its parent , the central group . central pattana was founded as central plaza co. , ltd. on 17 june 1980 with registered capital of 300 million baht by central group , the techapaiboon family , saha union group , and minor shareholders .
henry v is a full-service communications agency specializing in live events and experience marketing . founded in 1978 as national meeting company inc. , the company now known as henry v is the northwests oldest and largest experiential marketing agency . henry v is headquartered in portland , oregon . the privately owned company has more than 30 full-time employees with a national network of more than 100 contract event professionals .
teg federal credit union is a federally chartered credit union in the new york counties of dutchess , orange , and ulster . as of 2015 , the institution has $ 240 million in assets , 83 full - and 12 part-time employees , and 27,000 members .
caladrius biosciences is an american biopharmaceutical company active in the field of stem cell therapy and regenerative medicine , particularly of cardiovascular disease . the company was founded in 1980 and was formerly known as corniche group inc , phase iii medical inc and neostem , inc. it is headquartered in new york city , new york .
leapfrog investments is a private investment firm that invests in high-growth financial services and healthcare companies in emerging markets . the firms investments have an annual growth rate of more than 43 % and its companies reach approximately 93.8 million consumers , primarily in africa and asia .
bubble gum interactive is an independent game and entertainment development studio headquartered in sydney , australia . the company was founded in 2010 by paul gray and phil mason . bubble gum interactive has designed mobile titles for use on smartphones and tablets and produced games and interactive apps for brands in several industries .
techart automobildesign gmbh is a german automobile tuner specialized in existing porsches , for which they offer extensive tuning packages .
reliant bancorp , inc , formerly commerce union bancshares , is an american financial corporation based in brentwood , tennessee , usa . it is listed on the nasdaq . it controls a subsidiary , reliant bank , a commercial bank .
radio sweden is swedens official international broadcasting station . it is a non-commercial and politically independent public service broadcasting company .
studyhall is an online education startup based in washington , dc , united states , and founded by cornell and washington university in saint louis school of law graduate ross blankenship in 2012 . the company is a peer-to-peer learning platform that seeks to change higher education by providing a virtual space in which students can collaborate .
any security printing company or any biztonsgi nyomda nyrt . is one of the largest security printing companies in hungary and the cee region . previously , the company produced traditional printing products . today its activities are focused on document security products and solutions , plastic card production and personalization , electronic document management and bulk transactional printing .
daxcon engineering , inc. , is a company headquartered in bartonville , illinois , that provides engineering and manufacturing consultation to the defense & aerospace , mining & construction , automotive , consumer products , and agriculture industries . on 15 january 2010 , it was acquired by infotech enterprises america inc. , which is now a wholly owned subsidiary of cyient , a firm in india .
nomeco , a wholly owned subsidiary of phoenix group , is the largest wholesaler of pharmaceutical products in denmark . the company is headquartered in copenhagen and is building a 20,000 square metre nordic logistics centre in kge which is expected to open in 2017 .
nomiku is a san francisco-based company making sous-vide immersion circulators designed for the home cook . the company was started as a kickstarter project in 2012 . nomiku was intended to provide affordable access to sous-vide cooking .
roamer is a swiss watch manufacturer which is owned by hong kong-based chungnam corporation limited .
the liberty life assurance kenya limited , commonly referred to as liberty life , is a kenyan life insurance company headquartered in nairobi , kenya . it is among the five largest life insurance companies in kenya . it is a subsidiary of liberty kenya holdings , which is an insurance holding company with headquarters in nairobi . liberty life is licensed and regulated by the insurance regulatory authority of kenya , and is a member of the association of kenya insurers .
kmfm is the name of seven independent radio stations and one digital station owned by the km group , each broadcasting locally to a region of kent in the united kingdom . although similarly branded , the stations are officially eight separate licenses.kmfm offers its listeners local news and music .
move , inc. is a real estate listing company based in santa clara , california . the company operates the move network of real estate websites , the largest of which is realtor.com . move has a longstanding partnership with the national association of realtors , the real estate industrys largest trade association , for operating realtor.com .
wayfinder systems ab was a wholly owned subsidiary of vodafone specializing in creating mobile navigation systems for a number of platforms such as symbian 2nd and 3rd edition , uiq , windows mobile and some other smartphones . an external bluetooth gps receiver is required for non gps enabled phones . on march 12 , 2010 it was announced that vodafone is closing the company and all employees will be let go .
pakistan tobacco company limited was incorporated in 1947 immediately after independence , when it took over the business of the imperial tobacco company of british india which had been operational in the south asia since 1905 . pakistan tobacco company is part of the british american tobacco group , one of the worlds most international business groups , with brands sold in 180 markets around the world . it is located in jhelum , and nowshera pakistan .
scalado is a provider of imaging technologies , applications and engineering services for the camera industry . the company is a swedish imaging software company that focuses on the wireless device industry . scalados caps is embedded in more than a billion cellphone camera devices . scalado was acquired by nokia in 2012 .
white rock beverages is an american beverage company located in whitestone , ny . the company was established in 1871 by pharmacist h.m. colver in waukesha , wisconsin . potawatomi indians and settlers believed that the nearby white rock natural spring had special medicinal powers , so white rock beverages started out as destination for vacationers and health seekers . by 1876 , the company was bottling and distributing the natural spring water throughout the country .
gloveler is an online marketplace and hospitality service that facilitates peer-to-peer property rental , primarily vacation rentals and homestays in germany . like all hospitality services , it is an example of collaborative consumption and sharing .
image engine is a visual effects studio based in vancouver , british columbia . founded in 1995 , the studio specializes in character/creature design and animation , digital environments , vfx supervision , and concept art among other services . in 2010 , the company was nominated for an academy award for best visual effects for their work on district 9 .
avigilon corporation is a vancouver-based company that designs , manufactures and markets video surveillance software and equipment . it was founded in 2004 by alexander fernandes in vancouver , british columbia . avigilon software protects and monitors many locations including stadiums , retail environments , casinos , critical infrastructure , transportation stations , schools , and several other locations .
peace coffee is an organization based in minneapolis , minnesota that sells organic , fair trade coffee . the company sells coffee through grocery , retail stores , food co-ops , and via the internet . the organization operates throughout the united states , but has a strong presence in the upper midwest . peace coffee is one of 24 fair trade coffee roasters part of cooperative coffees .
avalon guitars is the name of an acoustic guitar manufacturer based in newtownards , county down in northern ireland , uk .
la brugeoise et nivelles sa , later bn constructions ferroviaires et mtalliques , was a belgian manufacturer of railway locomotives and other rolling stock it was formed by a merger of two companies : la brugeoise et nicaise et delcuve and les ateliers mtallurgiques de nivelles . the company was acquired by bombardier inc. in 1988 , plants in nivelles and manage closed in 1989 and 2000 as of 2011 , the plant located in bruges operated as bombardier transportation belgium s.a. .
campus consortium , previously campuseai consortium , is a non-profit it consulting firm . founded in 2003 , campus consortium connects approximately 37,000 education institutions to increase their access to innovative technologies . campus consortium was founded by fourteen institutions in response to increasing it budget cuts , resource constraints , and the needs of incoming students .
lecroy corporation is an american manufacturer of oscilloscopes , protocol analyzers and other test equipment . lecroy is now a subsidiary of teledyne technologies .
commodore cruise line was a united states - based cruise line that was in operation from 1968 until 2001 . it was founded in 1966 by sanford chobol and edwin stephan . following multiple changes in ownership , the company declared bankruptcy in 2001 due to rising fuel costs and increased competition from other cruise lines . it had its headquarters in hollywood , florida .
lendingpoint is a fintech balance sheet lender working to create a better lending and borrowing experience by looking for more reasons to say yes -- helping consumers across the credit spectrum , from 550 to 850 fico , unlock access to affordable loans and live better financial lives . it combines data and technology to create a proprietary risk model that adds new , multi-variate dimensions to credit analytics beyond the traditional fico scoring .
applied films corporation manufactured electrodes on glass for flat panel displays . these electrodes are used in liquid crystal displays , plasma displays , and auto-dimming car mirrors utilizing electrochromism . major early customers were burroughs in new jersey , ibm in east fishkill and kingston , new york , numerous asian producers of lcds , gentex in holland , michigan , plasmaco in highland , new york , and samsung in gumi , south korea .
rabbit bandini productions is a film production company founded in 2003 by actors/filmmakers james franco and vince jolivette . the name comes from combining the titular hero from john updikes rabbit tetralogy with the hero of john fantes ask the dust , arturo bandini .
airports of peru is a private company that operates twelve regional airports in peru . it is the first group of regional airports the government of peru transferred to a private operator . the company was incorporated on october 30 , 2006 .
lasalle was an american brand of luxury automobiles manufactured and marketed by general motors cadillac division from 1927 through 1940 . alfred p. sloan developed the concept for lasalle and certain other general motors marques in order to fill pricing gaps he perceived in the general motors product portfolio . sloan created lasalle as a companion marque for cadillac .
mann , egerton & company ltd. was an automotive and aerospace company headquartered in norwich , united kingdom . during its history the company was variously active in automotive retailing , aircraft manufacturing , automotive coachbuilding and electrical services .
glenmorangie is a distillery in tain , ross-shire , scotland , that produces single malt scotch whisky . the distillery is owned by the glenmorangie company ltd , whose main product is the range of glenmorangie single malt whisky .
subisu cablenet pvt. ltd. is a privately owned nepalese company in the fields of trading , cable tv and cable internet . it was established in 1999 and provides internet through hfc network along with tv channels .
diamond entertainment corporation , doing business as e-dmec , is an american home video distributor from walnut , california .
chance rides manufacturing is a roller coaster and amusement ride manufacturer . the company was formed on may 16 , 2002 , when the former chance industries inc. emerged from bankruptcy . the main office and manufacturing facility are located in wichita , kansas .
the tokyo star bank , ltd. is a japanese bank established on june 11 , 2001 out of the reorganization of then bankrupt tokyo sowa bank by lone star funds . its most known financial product is the mastercard debit card . no such product existed in japan , until this card went into distribution . many customers who dislike credit cards have taken to this new product .
sega am1 , originally titled sega cs2 r & d and later overworks and sega wow was a division of japanese video game developer sega .
lg cns is a subsidiary of lg corporation founded in 1987 that provides information technology services including consulting , system integration , network integration , business process outsourcing , and information technology outsourcing . originally , lg cns only focused on computer engineering such as designing , developing and operating computer network systems for lg group . then , the firm expanded its target customers from lg group to other private organizations and governments .
lucideus is an it risk assessment and digital security services provider . it was formed in 2012 by saket modi , vidit baxi & rahul tyagi . it is a trusted standard for companies that need to protect their brand , business and dignity from debilitating cyber attacks . it is know for building and delivering information security platforms and services both generic and customized .
toyo suisan kaisha , ltd. or just toyo suisan , is a japanese company specializing in ramen noodles , through its maruchan brand , seafood and frozen and refrigerated foods . it is the fourth largest transnational seafood corporation .
wago kontakttechnik gmbh & co. kg is a german company that manufactures components for electrical connections and electronic components for decentralized automation . the company is especially well known for its cage clamp and push-wire connector products , particularly the 280 series and the 273 series .
ludwig drums is an american manufacturer of percussion instruments . the brand achieved significant popularity in the 1960s , through the endorsement of the beatles drummer ringo starr .
ferrocarriles mediterrneos s.a. was an argentine company which operated a 5 ft 6 in broad gauge railway line between crdoba and villa mara originally built by the british-owned central argentine railway , which became part of ferrocarril general bartolom mitre after railway nationalization in 1948 .
voices.com is a job search website focusing on voice actors and voice actor employers , headquartered in london , ontario . the company has a user base of more than 250,000 registered individuals and companies , and is reportedly the largest business of its kind . in 2017 , voices.com had over 100 employees split between its offices in london , ontario , and california , and clients and voice talent in 139 countries .
skybus is an airport bus service operating in australia in melbourne and on the gold coast , and in auckland , new zealand . in melbourne , skybus carries over 2 million passengers per year and 8.3 % of all melbourne airport passengers .
the olean lumber and supply corporation , successor of olean lumber co , inc. , was established august 17 , 1928 and is olean , new yorks oldest lumber retailer .
d2l , often referred to as desire2learn , is a global cloud software company with offices in the united states , canada , singapore , australia , europe , and brazil . it is the developer of the brightspace learning management system which cloud-based software used by schools , higher education , and businesses for online and blended classroom learning . d2l is also the developer of open courses a massive open online course platform .
the central china railway was a railway company in japanese-occupied china established after the second sino-japanese war . it was a joint venture between japan , the reformed government of the republic of china and the nanjing national government . together with the north china transportation company , it was responsible for management of chinas railways during the japanese occupation .
varsity is a student-focused pub chain operating in the united kingdom . the name originates from annual university sports competitions .
rockhopper exploration plc is an oil and gas exploration company headquartered in salisbury , wiltshire , united kingdom . it owns offshore exploration and production licences in the north falkland basin in the waters north of the falkland islands . rockhopper is listed on the alternative investment market of the london stock exchange .
livingsocial is an online marketplace that allows its registered users to buy and share things to do in their city . formerly headquartered in washington , d.c. , livingsocial had roughly 70 million members around the world in 2013 . the company shrank from a peak of 4,500 employees in 2011 to about 200 in 2016 .
american sterling bank was a bank based in sugar creek , missouri . on april 17 , 2009 , the bank was shut down by the federal deposit insurance corporation as a result of a bank failure and its assets were sold to metcalf bank .
turner entertainment company , inc. is a multimedia company founded by ted turner . purchased by time warner , along with turner broadcasting system , the company was largely responsible for overseeing its library for worldwide distribution . in recent years , this role has largely been limited to being the copyright holder , as the library has since been incorporated into that of turner broadcastings sibling company warner bros.
the van beuren studios was an american animation studio that produced theatrical cartoons from 1928 to 1937 .
bitwage is a bitcoin payroll and international wage payment service allowing users to be paid or pay wages .
superga is an italian brand of shoes founded in 1911 . it originally made tennis shoes , including the famous model 2750 classic but then diversified .
bigair is a telecommunications company in australia listed on the australian stock exchange . bigair manages one of the largest metropolitan fixed wireless networks in australia . they provide an alternative to the australian terrestrial networks including dsl and the national broadband network with symmetric internet access services at speeds up to 1gbit/s using wimax technology .
standard deluxe inc. is a design and silkscreen print shop located in waverly , alabama . standard deluxe sponsors a live music festival eachspring and fall called the waverly old 280 boogie , among many other events throughout the year .
lpez holdings corporation is a filipino conglomerate founded by the brothers eugenio lpez , sr. and fernando lpez . it is a major player in the public service and utilities sector in the philippines and serves as the lpez familys publicly listed holding company for investments in major development sectors such as broadcasting and cable telecommunications power generation and distribution manufacturing and property development .
norc at the university of chicago is one of the largest independent social research organizations in the united states , established in 1941 . its corporate headquarters is on the university of chicago campus , with offices in several other locations throughout the united states .
polaroid originals is a dutch photography company and manufacturer founded in 2008 by florian kaps , andr bosman and marwan saba . it manufactures its own camera , the impossible i-1 , the i-type instant film for it , and instant film for select original polaroid instant cameras . from 2008 to september 2017 the company was called impossible project polaroids brand and intellectual property were acquired by impossible projects largest shareholder in may 2017 .
regiojet is a czech open access passenger railway company founded in 2009 and headquartered in brno . regiojet is a subsidiary of student agency partnered with keolis and operates in the czech republic , and through its daughter company also in slovakia . since 2015 , regiojet is also a brand of the bus transport operated by student agency and by the slovak company of regiojet .
the kansas city athletic club is an athletic club and gentlemens club in downtown kansas city , missouri . notable members have included president harry s. truman and others .
stx finland oy , formerly aker yards oy , was a finnish shipbuilding company operating three shipyards in finland , in turku , helsinki and rauma , employing some 2,500 people . it was part of stx europe , a group of international shipbuilding companies owned by the south korean stx corporation . half of helsinki yard was sold to russian usc in 2010 . in september 2013 , stx finland announced that the rauma shipyard would be closed in june 2014 .
capital newspapers is a partnership between lee enterprises and the capital times company that operates 27 publications and several web sites in wisconsin . the corporate name of the company is madison newspapers inc. capital newspapers has nearly 400 employees .
sa power networks is the sole electricity distributor in south australia , delivering electricity from high voltage transmission network connection points , operated by electranet , through a network of about 87,500 kilometres of powerlines , to about 830,000 residential and business customers throughout most of south australia . sa power networks is the fifth largest electricity distributor in the australian national electricity market .
skippers aviation is an airline based in osborne park , a suburb of perth . it is a charter company specialising in mining crew changes , executive charters and general flying for the mining industry in western australia , as well as search and rescue and medevac operations . it was established and started operations in 1990 and also operates a small scheduled network in western australia . its main base is perth airport .
entreprise tunisienne dactivits ptrolires is a state-owned industrial and commercial company in tunisia directly in charge of the petroleum sector as well as the states partnerships with foreign exploration and production operators .
maven is a carsharing service announced by general motors in january 2016 . the program also includes google and sidecar employees .
celesio ag is a german healthcare and pharmaceutical company , based in stuttgart . the company operates in 14 countries around the world and generated revenue of more than 22,000 million euros in 2014 . the corporation is part of the american mckesson corporation who has a 76 % stake in the company .
tosco was an independent us based petroleum refining and marketing corporation . it was founded in 1955 in santa monica , california by a & p heir huntington hartford , and originally focused on extracting oil from oil shale and developing alternative energy sources .
egyptian arts group is a production and distribution company operating business in the middle east and north africa and seeks to go worldwide .
desire petroleum plc was an oil and gas exploration company headquartered in malvern , england . it owned offshore exploration and production licences in the north falkland basin in the waters north of the falkland islands and its core focus was to develop the basin into a major new hydrocarbon province . desire petroleum was acquired by falkland oil and gas for 61million on 5 december 2013 . falkland oil & gas was itself acquired by rockhopper exploration plc in november 2015 .
rhinelander brewery is a regional american brewery located in rhinelander , wisconsin .
elan snowboards is a member of slovenian ski company elan group and is one of the worlds largest producer of high-end snowboards and produces boards since 1987 . while the company headquarters with the rest of elan group is located in begunje , in north-western part of slovenia , the production of snowboards takes place in the neighboring country - in furnitz , austria .
juneyao airlines is a major carrier based in shanghai , china , operating both domestic and international services from two airports . the company was founded in 2005 as a subsidiary of shanghai juneyao co. , ltd , and started operations on september 2006 . it reported a net profit of about cny1 .05 billion in 2015 .
the genuine scooter company is a chicago-based distributor of motorscooters , notably the stella and buddy models . the company markets scooters and accessories through a network of over 240 dealers in the united states , and in 2015 announced it would begin importing a 400cc air-cooled , single-cylinder motorcycle under a sister brand , genuine motorcycles in 2016 .
umbra is a home accessories design and manufacturing company . the company has headquarters in toronto , ontario , canada and satellite offices in the netherlands , brazil , the united states , and china . the firm sells more than 2,000 home products through over 25,000 retailers in 120 countries .
score group plc is an international engineering business based in peterhead .
gss infotech , established in 1999 , is a information technology company headquartered in hyderabad , india . the company specializes in cloud computing , remote infrastructure management services , virtualization solutions , application management services , and infrastructure optimization solutions . gss infotech has offices in connecticut , new jersey and hyderabad .
moonstone is a japanese visual novel studio known for creating adult-oriented bishjo games . the founding members of moonstone had once been members of circus , a similar visual novel studio . after the establishment of moonstone , a collaboration project between moonstone and circus was set up for circus game suika as + , and then another collaboration project between the two companies was set up for moonstones game gift .
premier biosoft is a california , united states based bioinformatics company . the company specializes in developing software for use in life science research . in addition to developing software products , the company offers consultancy for bioinformatics projects .
starbury , inc. is an american brand of sneakers and clothing endorsed by cba player stephon marbury , and was marketed by steve and barrys . the line was launched in september 2006 as a pair of $ 14.98 basketball shoes to compete with higher priced products endorsed by celebrity athletes . marbury claims that the products are of the same level of quality as more expensive alternatives .
encompass health , based in birmingham , alabama , is one of the united states largest providers of post-acute healthcare services , offering both facility-based and home-based post-acute services in 36 states and puerto rico through its network of inpatient rehabilitation hospitals , home health agencies , and hospice agencies . -LSB- 1 -RSB- effective january 2 , 2018 , the organization changed its name to encompass health corporation and its new york stock exchange .
valid is a brazilian engraving company headquartered in rio de janeiro that provides security printing services to financial institutions , telecommunication companies , state governments , and public agencies in brazil , argentina , and spain . in total there are 7 factories and 84 personalization sites making the company in the leadership of the segments where it operates is registered in numbers .
clearwater analytics is a software-as-a-service fintech company that provides automated investment accounting , performance , compliance , and risk reporting for insurance companies , asset managers , corporations , banks , governments , and other institutions . clearwater is a privately held company headquartered in boise , idaho , with an additional office in edinburgh , u.k. clearwater reports on over $ 2.2 trillion in investment assets and processes over 2.2 million transactions daily .
colas group is a major french civil engineering firm specialising in road construction and rail track construction through its colas rail subsidiary . since the 1990s , the group has incorporated the screg and sacer road construction firms . road construction makes up 80 % of the groups activities . additional related activities include road signage , construction , various civil engineering activities including pipe-laying , and rail track construction and maintenance . colas ltd is a uk subsidiary .
spx corporation is a diversified , global supplier of infrastructure equipment in heating , ventilation and air conditioning , and detection and measurement markets , and a strong presence in power and energy markets . with operations in about 20 countries and approximately $ 1.7 billion in revenue for 2015 .
primo toys is a london-based educational toy company founded by filippo yacob and matteo loglio , best known for creating the cubetto playset , an award-winning wooden robot designed to teach children how to code using a tangible programming language that doesnt use screens or literacy . in april 2016 , cubetto became the most crowd-funded ed-tech invention in history , when 6,553 backers pledged a total of $ 1,596,457 to support their kickstarter campaign .
moneythink is an american educational non-profit organization that aims to increase the financial capability of american youth by training college volunteers to serve as financial mentors for low-income high school students . the organization is self-described as the only movement of young people working to restore the economic health of america through financial education . moneythinks curriculum involves the use of a mobile app to help students demonstrate their financial skills .
mahle powertrain ltd is the wholly owned engineering services division of mahle gmbh . with its headquarters in northampton , uk and sister company in plymouth , michigan , united states the company specialises in the design , development , testing and production of internal combustion engines and provides a broad spectrum of engineering and manufacturing services to its global customer base .
skymeter was a location-based services company that provided gps data for pricing and traffic information applications . skymeter was co-founded by bern grush , kamal hassan and preet khalsa and was headquartered at the mars discovery district in toronto , ontario .
what every woman wants was a british chain of discount stores . in 1971 , it was founded by gerald weisfeld in glasgow and became a national chain in 1990 after being sold by the weisfelds for 50 million to brown & jackson .
untangle is a subsidiary of providence strategic growth based in san jose , california , which provides network management software . untangle ng firewall is used by nearly 40,000 organizations worldwide .
j.l. brandeis & sons , commonly referred to by midwesterners as brandeis , was a chain of department stores located in the omaha , nebraska area started by jonas l. brandeis in 1881 . it was purchased by younkers for $ 33.9 million in 1987 , when the stores were converted to the younkers name .
soudal is a belgian company whose headquarters is located in turnhout . the company has developed into one of the most important independent producers of silicone and caulks , polyurethane-foams and adhesives in europe . soudal has a consolidated turnover of 690 million usd , and the company distributes its products to more than 100 different countries worldwide .
vermont energy investment corporation or veic is a non-profit organization in chittenden county , vermont that seeks to reduce the economic and environmental costs of energy consumption through energy efficiency and renewable energy adoption . since its founding in 1986 , the organization has been involved in designing energy efficiency and renewable energy programs in north america and worldwide .
strands is spanish fintech software company , developing solutions for banks and merchants with the aim of increasing customer engagement and creating new revenue through digital marketing channels . strands has collaborated on more than 600 bank implementations . strands finance suite is a set of white-label solutions including personal financial management , business financial management , and customer-linked offers .
cooper firearms of montana was founded in 1990 by dan cooper and two other former kimber of oregon employees .
juaymah maureen transport is a bus company owned and operated by a filipino family from las pinas . it plies routes from alabang in muntinlupa city to lawton and quiapo in manila and sometimes to ayala in makati city .
clayton homes is the united states largest builder of manufactured housing and modular homes . clayton homes is a component company of warren buffetts berkshire hathaway . claytons corporate headquarters are in maryville , tennessee . its subsidiaries include vanderbilt mortgage , 21st mortgage , the nations largest manufactured home lender , and insurance company homefirst agency .
naiad press was one of the first publishing companies dedicated to lesbian literature . at its closing it was the oldest and largest lesbian/feminist publisher in the world .
eclipsys corporation was a publicly traded american company that provided hospitals and other healthcare organizations with electronic medical record , computerized physician order entry , and other technology , as well as revenue cycle management software . eclipsys was founded in 1995 , and had its headquarters in atlanta , georgia .
colchester racing developments produced merlyn racing cars from 1960 to 1979 . the company was founded by selwyn hayward and continued by his brother clive hayward . when the manufacture of merlyn racing cars stopped , clive continued to manufacture merlyn parts as crd tool and engineering ltd. crd tool and engineering stopped trading in november 2015 , clive hayward continues to run colchester racing developments , manufacturing merlyn components and carrying out chassis repairs .
offers.com is an online marketplace that connects consumers with coupons , coupon codes , product deals , and special offers from about 16,000 retailers and brands .
the lebanese broadcasting corporation international , widely known as lbci , is a private television station in lebanon . lbci was founded in 1992 by acquiring the assets , liabilities and logo of lbc , an entity founded in 1985 during the lebanese civil war by the lebanese forces . lbci went global in 1996 when it launched its satellite channel lbc al-fadhaiya al-lubnaniya covering lebanon , the arab world , europe , america , australia and africa .
tanishq is a jewellery brand of india . it is a division of titan company , a company promoted by the tata group in collaboration with the tamil nadu industrial development corporation . the name was formed by combining the first two letters from tata and nishk , although the k has been modified into a q. . tanishqs headquarters is at bengaluru in karnataka .
apcera is an american cloud infrastructure company that provides a container management platform to deploy , orchestrate and govern containers and applications across on-premises and cloud-based infrastructure .
guangdong yashili group co. , ltd. is a leading privately owned infant formula and soymilk products company in china . based in chaoan in the chaozhou region of guangdong province , china and incorporated in the cayman islands . the company also has a hong kong-listed entity yashili international holdings limited . yashili also has production facilities in heilongjiang , shanxi , and zhengzhou and in january 2013 announced that it would set up a production facility in new zealand .
meural is an art technology startup . their principal product is the meural canvas , a digital connected canvas built to showcase artwork and photographyboth meural - and user-provided . through end-to-end productiona combination of proprietary hardware , software , and firmwarethe digital frame is designed to look lifelike and textured .
lightower fiber networks , founded in 2006 , is a provider of telecommunications and it services .
naviance is an american college and career readiness software provider that partners with high schools and other k12 institutions to provide students with college planning and career assessment tools . the company reports that its products reach more than 7 million students at nearly 8,500 schools in 100 countries .
blanvalet is a german publishing house , based in munich , which was founded in 1935 in berlin and is now part of the bertelsmanns random house publishing group . blanvalet publishes entertainment literature and non-fiction , first in hardcover , and as paperbacks since 1998 . the publisher became well known with the novel series anglique . more recent authors include charlotte link , marc elsberg , karin slaughter , diana gabaldon and george r. r. martin .
coppelia is an ice cream parlor chain in cuba . coppelia is state-run and sells in both cuban pesos and cuban convertible pesos . havanas coppelia , for instance , employs more than 400 workers and serves 4,250 us gallons of ice cream to 35,000 customers each day . when business started in 1966 , it ran with an impressive count of 26 flavors and 25 combinations .
gimson was a spanish bicycle and motorcycle brand , manufactured in figueres by gimbernat hermanos s.r.c. in two distinct stages : the first in 1930 and the second from 1955 to 1982 .
flsmidth & co. a/s is a global engineering company based in copenhagen , denmark . with almost 13,000 employees worldwide , it provides global cement and mineral industries with factories , machinery , services and know-how . flsmidth is listed on nasdaq omx nordic copenhagen in the c20 index and has offices in more than 50 countries worldwide .
black swan data is a london-based technology and data science company that produces an online analytics platform called the nest . the nest uses predictive data science to analyze a wide variety of data to help businesses identify potential trends and customer behaviors . its notable clients include disney , pepsico , vodafone , panasonic , tesco , and numerous others .
brightcove , inc. is a boston , massachusettsbased software company that produces an online video platform .
sentinel offender services is a private probation company based in irvine , california . it was established in 1993 .
ftrans corp. is an atlanta , ga based provider of technology enabled collateral monitoring services to banks for monitoring their commercial and industrial loan portfolios . founded in 2004 , ftrans provides commercial lending services to banks and receivables services to bank clients in the united states .
company 3 is an american post production company founded in 1997 by colorists stefan sonnenfeld and mike pethel and visual effects artist/supervisor noel castley-wright . rob walston brought the team of artists together and funded company 3 under 4 media company . today , company 3 is wholly owned subsidiary of deluxe entertainment services group , inc. , company 3 provides post production , color grading and location services for feature films , commercials , music videos and television .
morris communications , headquartered in augusta , georgia , is a privately held media company with diversified holdings that include magazine publishing , outdoor advertising , book publishing and distribution , visitor publications , and online services . today , the georgia-based enterprise reaches across the nation , has holdings in europe , and employs 6,000 people . morris also is the publisher of the milepost , a northwestern american travel guide .
oy gustav paulig ab is a finnish family business of coffee and cocoa , founded in 1876 .
polisport group is a portuguese brand known for its development and manufacturing of motorcycle accessories and bicycle accessories .
the emu bay railway was an australian railway company . listed on the melbourne stock exchange , it operated the melba line on the west coast of tasmania from 1897 until 1998 .
spotlight comics was an american comic publisher based in western connecticut . it is best known for a short run of comic books based on licensed characters such as mighty mouse and heckle and jeckle that contained contributions from several major us comic book creators .
paramount group is a group of companies operating in the global defence , internal security and peacekeeping industries . it was founded in south africa in 1994 and offers a range of armoured vehicles , military aircraft , equipment and training to governments . the company was founded by south african entrepreneur and industrialist ivor ichikowitz . the group is based in south africa , with its headquarters in sandton .
taylor business institute chicago is a small private career college located in chicagos west loop . founded in 1962 , taylor business institute awards associate degrees , and certificate for special purpose programs . it is located only in chicago , illinois .
cambria is a producer of engineered quartz surfaces in the united states . it is located in eden prairie , minnesota , with additional facilities in le sueur , minnesota charlotte , north carolina wisconsin , illinois , indiana , and ontario , canada . cambria is privately held and owned by the davis family .
steward health care is the largest private hospital operator in the united states . the company was established when the caritas christi health care system was sold to the private equity firm cerberus capital management in 2010 cerberus converted caritas to a for-profit company and renamed it steward health care system . steward health care has 37,000 employees , over 5,000 hospital beds across 36 hospitals , and serves more than 10 states .
lic housing finance limited is one of the largest housing finance companies in india having its registered and corporate office at mumbai . the main objective of the company is to provide long term finance to individuals for purchase or construction of house or flat for residential purpose / repair and renovation of existing flat / houses .
super soccer stars is an american youth soccer development program active in the metropolitan areas of new york city , los angeles , boston , miami , and chicago . the organization was founded in 2000 by argentine native gustavo szulansky .
a woodward is a warden of a wood . woodward may also refer to : .
do it all was a british diy and home improvement retailing company . it went through a number of changes of ownership . in august 1998 , the business was sold to focus diy , which entered administration in may 2011 , with all stores closing by july 2011 .
ipiranga is a brazilian fuel company and is a subsidiary of ultra . it is the second-largest brazilian fuel distribution company , and the largest in the private sector . the company has about 8,00 gas stations across the country and 1,400 convenience stores . ipiranga owns the am/pm chain of convenience stores , jet oil oil change services , km de vantagens loyalty program , and conectcar prepaid system for electronic payment of tolls and parking .
the state oil company of azerbaijan republic is a wholly state-owned national oil and gas company headquartered in baku , azerbaijan . the company produces oil and natural gas from onshore and offshore fields in the azerbaijani section of the caspian sea . it operates the countrys two oil refineries , one gas processing plant and runs several oil and gas export pipelines throughout the country .
accesso is a publicly listed technology company based in berkshire , england .
mcbride plc is a leading british-based manufacturing business , noted as being europes biggest maker of retailer own brand household and personal care goods . it produces brands , such as oven pride , limelite , surcare , sensei , frish stick and gentelle and also provides contract manufacturing for other brand owners . it is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse smallcap index .
think finance is a company that provides technology , analytics , and marketing services to financial businesses in the consumer lending industry .
municipal credit union is a state chartered credit union headquartered in new york city , regulated under the authority of the national credit union administration . mcu is metro new yorks largest credit union . as of 2016 , mcu had over $ 2.5 billion in assets . as of 2015 , it had approximately 400,000 members and 17 branches .
suhrkamp verlag is a german publishing house , established in 1950 and generally acknowledged as one of the leading european publishers of fine literature . its roots go back to the arianized part of the s. fischer verlag . in january 2010 the headquarters of the company moved from frankfurt to berlin . suhrkamp declared bankruptcy in 2013 , following a longstanding legal conflict between its owners . in 2015 , economist jonathan landgrebe was announced as director .
teekanne gmbh & co. kg is a german tea trading company , based in dsseldorf . the founders rudolf anders and eugen nissle were the first to sell tea in tins and already mixed teas on a high quality level . furthermore , they went on to invent the machine-made tea bag . today the family-run company is still the world leading company in the production of tea bags and produces 7.5 billion tea bags per year .
redmap is a software development company founded in 1996 . redmap manufactures software and systems for enterprise content management , electronic document management , and email archiving . it is headquartered in brisbane , australia and there are offices in north america , and asia .
rightware is a finnish software development company that provides user interface software for automotive and other embedded industries . headquartered in helsinki , finland , rightware has offices in silicon valley , detroit , tokyo , seoul , shanghai , london and munich . in 2015 , deloitte nominated rightware on its fast 50 list of 50 fastest growing tech companies .
papagaio is a brazilian steakhouse style restaurant , with three locations around israel .
genuitec , llc is a software development company that operates as an entirely virtual organization . its products include integrated development environment , myeclipse , and application lifecycle management and software delivery technologies secure delivery center 2017 .
mesh computers limited is a private computer company based in london , england . as well as being a manufacturer of personal computers , the company sells peripherals and components through their website .
jac liner inc. is the largest bus companies in the philippines in terms of fleet size . serving the riding public en route and key destinations to laguna and quezon .
lorimar productions , inc. , later known as lorimar television and lorimar distribution , was an american production company that was later a subsidiary of warner bros. , active from 1969 until 1993 . it was founded by irwin molasky , merv adelson , and lee rich . the companys name was a portmanteau of adelsons ex-wife , lori , and palomar airport in san diego , california .
definition 6 is a digital marketing agency that was founded in atlanta in 1997 . the agency has over 20 years of experience in the creative and user experience space , alongside several other disciplines including technology development , video concepting/filming/post production , social-storytelling , and more . definition 6 works with clients worldwide with a concentration in the us , with offices in new york city and atlanta .
aster dm healthcare is privately held indian conglomerate health care provider founded in 1987 by azad moopen who hails from kerala , india . the company is headquartered in dubai , united arab emirates . aster dm healthcare currently operates hospitals , diagnostic centers , medical centers , and pharmacies in the middle east and india . in 2013 , the company has allocated $ 600 million for its expansion program in the next five years .
frontier communications of connecticut , also known as the southern new england telephone company , is a local exchange carrier owned by frontier communications .
jelmoli is a department store in zrich , switzerland . it is one of the oldest and best known in the world . it introduced features such as no-haggle pricing and a mail order catalog . it is located along the famous bahnhofstrasse in zrich .
plantronics is an electronics company producing audio communications equipment for business and consumers . its products support unified communications , mobile use , gaming and music . plantronics is a publicly traded company headquartered in santa cruz , california . most of plantronics products are produced in china and mexico .
usinternetworking , inc. was an application service provider . it offered outsourced business applications delivered over the internet or a private network connection for an installation charge and a flat monthly fee . in october 2006 , it was acquired by at & t.
the austin was a brass era american automobile manufactured in grand rapids , michigan from 1901 to 1921 . the company , founded by james e. austin and his son walter austin , built large , expensive and powerful touring cars with an unusual double cantilever rear spring arrangement placing the rear wheels behind the passenger compartment , for a longer wheelbase to improve rider comfort in an era of rough roads as well as a unique two-speed rear axle .
polygram filmed entertainment was a british-american film studio founded in 1980 which became a european competitor to hollywood , but was eventually sold to seagram company ltd. in 1998 and was folded in 2000 .
davisco foods is a company mainly concerned with dairy products headquartered in le sueur , minnesota . the company markets such brands as bipro and biozate . they also own cambria , the sole producer of quartz work surfaces in the u.s.in 2014 , davisco was acquired by the canadian cooperative agropur .
integrys energy group , inc. was an american energy company headquartered in chicago , illinois . it was formed by the merger of wps resources corp. and peoples energy corp. on february 21 , 2007 . the chairman , president , and chief executive officer is charles a. schrock . on june 23 , 2014 , integrys announced that it was being acquired by wisconsin energy corporation for $ 9.1 billion .
bharat financial inclusion limited bfil is a non-banking finance company , licensed by the reserve bank of india . it was founded in 1997 by vikram akula , who served as its executive chair until november 2011 . the companys mission is to provide financial services to the poor under the premise that providing financial services to poor borrowers helps to alleviate poverty . in 2013 , the company operated across 17 indian states .
feit is an australian shoe and accessories brand based in new york city . it was founded by australian brothers tull & josh price in 2005 . feit products are handmade using natural materials .
kosmos energy is an american international oil company founded and based in dallas , texas . it is incorporated in bermuda and has offices in ghana , mauritania , senegal and suriname . the company holds production and development operations offshore ghana , in addition to discoveries and further exploration operations offshore mauritania and senegal , and exploration licenses offshore sao tome and principe , morocco and western sahara . it discovered the jubilee oil field off the coast of ghana .
the forum for europeanaustralian science and technology cooperation was a non-government initiative aimed at highlighting and developing collaborative research activities between europe and australia . its offices were located in canberra , australia .
kohler co. , founded in 1873 by john michael kohler , is an american manufacturing company based in kohler , wisconsin . kohler is best known for its plumbing products , but the company also manufactures furniture , cabinetry , tile , engines , and generators . destination kohler also owns various hospitality establishments in the united states and scotland .
crossharbor capital partners is an american investment firm , specializing in private equity , based in boston . crossharbor capital partners develops and manages private equity investment products in three principal business areas : real assets , distressed securities and mezzanine capital . in 2011 rocaton investment advisors reported , crossharbor had assets in excess of $ 1 billion under management diversified over a half dozen distinct funds .
bayerischer rundfunk is a public-service radio and television broadcaster , based in munich , capital city of the free state of bavaria in germany . br is a member organization of the ard consortium of public broadcasters in germany .
sensordynamics was a european semiconductor and mems company specialized in developing and manufacturing high-volume micro - and wireless semiconductor sensor products for applications in automotive , industry and high-end consumer sectors . the company was acquired by maxim integrated in 2011 for $ 164 million .
scott lithgow , limited was a scottish shipbuilding company .
caribbean cinemas is a chain of movie theaters in puerto rico and the caribbean . it is the only major chain in puerto rico following cinevistas bankruptcy . the chain has expanded into dominican republic , st. thomas , st. croix , st. maarten , st. kitts , st. lucia , antigua , aruba , trinidad and tobago and guadeloupe .
rapid realty nyc is new york citys largest rental-based real estate brokerage and the first rental brokerage in new york to utilize a business franchise model . as of december 2013 , rapid realty had 65 offices . the company is based in brooklyn . rapid realtys ceo is owner-broker anthony lolli .
tallink is an estonian shipping company operating baltic sea cruise ferries and ropax ships from estonia to finland , estonia to sweden , latvia to sweden and finland to sweden . it also owns silja line and a part of searail . it is the largest passenger and cargo shipping company in the baltic sea region .
camco financial corporation , or camco financial , headquartered in cambridge , ohio , was a registered bank holding company under the law of delaware . it wholly owned the ohio-based advantage bank and operated 22 offices in ohio , kentucky and west virginia . camco offered a wide range of banking services through advantage bank . as of december 31 , 2012 , camco had $ 764.259 million in total assets , $ 59.727 million in total stockholders equity and $ 627.224 million in deposits .
crossbar is a company based in santa clara , california . crossbar develops a class of non-volatile resistive random-access memory technology . the company in 2013 announced its goal was a terabyte of storage on a single integrated circuit , compatible with standard cmos semiconductor manufacturing processes .
rps group plc is a multinational energy resources and environmental consultancy company headquartered in abingdon , oxfordshire . it advises clients on the built and natural environment across diverse economic sectors both public and private . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
malindo airways sdn bhd is a malaysian full-service airline and owned by indonesia with headquarters in petaling jaya , selangor , malaysia . the name malindo is derived from the names malaysia and indonesia , and signifies a cooperative pact between the two countries .
avoiding mass extinctions engine is an environmental data company which provides a free public database of companies environmental and financial performances . it also offers a paid analytics service to help businesses identify risk in their supply chains .
twistys is a major adult film studio , producing its eponymous pornography website , twistys.com , a variety site that caters to many different preferences .
eico was a manufacturer of electronics kits located in new york city , new york , united states .
jabil inc. is a united states-based global manufacturing services company . headquartered in st. petersburg , florida , it is one of the largest companies in the tampa bay area . jabil has 90 facilities in 23 countries , and 175,000 employees worldwide .
renault espaa sociedad annima or -LSB- renol -RSB- -RRB- , also known by its acronym resa , is one of the largest manufacturing subsidiaries of renault . the spain-based company has facilities in valladolid , palencia and sevilla , with most administrative offices in madrid . renault sells its cars locally through the subsidiary recsa . the company emerged from the local automaker fasa , which assembled renault cars since 1953 .
metcalfes food company was a privately owned food business set up in 2010 by julian metcalfe , the founder of the sandwich chain pret a manger and robert jakobi . metcalfes food company sold products under two brands metcalfes skinny and itsu grocery . the company enjoyed a compound annual growth rate of over 200 % in revenues between 2011 and 2014 . in february 2014 the company had forecast to achieve 50 million in sales within the next 3 years .
chocolates el rey is a venezuelan chocolate manufacturer . the company uses only premium-grade , locally grown raw material in the formulation of all its products . el reys family-run business is one of oldest chocolate manufacturers in venezuela .
orckit-corrigent was an israel-based global supplier of telecommunications networking equipment and products that facilitated the delivery of carrier ethernet and tdm migration applications for telecommunication providers around the world . orckit-corrigent was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in tel aviv , israel . it went public in 1996 , making history as the first israeli company to face excess public demand at its initial public offering in nasdaq .
peachpit is a publisher of books focused on graphic design , web design , and development . peachpits parent company is pearson education , which owns additional educational media brands including addison-wesley , prentice hall , and new riders . founded in 1986 , peachpit publishes the visual quickstart guide , visual quickpro guide , and classroom in a book series , in addition to the design imprint new riders and its voices that matter series .
nails inc. is a london , england-based nail bar chain with 60 outlets across the united kingdom .
dongfeng yulon motor co. , ltd. is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in hangzhou , china and a 50:50 joint venture between the chinese automaker dongfeng motor corporation and the taiwanese automaker yulon motor . its principal activity is the production , distribution and sale of luxgen passenger cars in mainland china .
ion geophysical provides acquisition equipment , software , planning and seismic processing services , and seismic data libraries to the global oil & gas industry . the companys technologies and services are used by e & p operators and seismic acquisition contractors to generate high-resolution images of the subsurface during exploration , exploitation and production operations .
twilight time is a company specializing in releasing limited edition classic films on dvd and blu-ray . all titles were sold online exclusively through screen archives entertainment . on july 1 , 2015 , twilight time launched their own web site .
yale is a lock manufacturer owned by assa abloy . it is associated with the pin tumbler lock , which is often known as the yale lock .
5by5 is an american internet broadcasting network created by dan benjamin that creates , distributes , and broadcasts web video interviews and podcasts . 5by5 launched in january 2010 and has been called npr for geeks , as the broadcasts discuss technology and internet culture and are targeted towards developers , designers and technology enthusiasts .
three six zero is an international entertainment and music management company with offices in los angeles , new york , berlin and london . the company specializes in the fields of music , film , television and technology . it was founded in london in 2007 by mark gillespie and dean wilson .
24 frames factory is an indian film production company established by manchu vishnu , son of actor manchu mohan babu in 2007 and is subsidiary of sree lakshmi prasanna pictures .
chicago clearing corporation is a securities class action settlement claim filing service based in chicago , illinois . started in 1993 to buy and sell coupons issued at the end of class action settlements , the company now employs more than 20 staff members . ccc has over 1000 clients that include bank trust departments , hedge funds , mutual funds , registered investment advisers , professional traders , and insurance companies .
zoomdata is a reston , virginia-based data visualization and analytics company founded in 2012 .
topray solar is a vertically integrated solar energy company with global presences in africa , europe , asia and north america . it is a publicly listed company on china shenzhen stock exchange with a market cap over 1 billion usd . topray solar is a top-tier player in the renewable energy industry with multiple manufacturing bases and several oversea subsidiaries .
seven networks , inc. is a privately funded american corporation founded in 2000 . it had about 265 employees in 2010 . as of 2017 , the company has research and development centers in texas and finland . seven mobile messaging products are turnkey multi-device , multi-service computer software for operators and device manufacturers . the company claims its products have a desktop-like experience for core messaging applications like email , instant messagings and social networking .
noritake co. , limited , commonly known as noritake , is a tableware and technology company headquartered in nagoya , aichi prefecture , japan .
boreal sj as is a subsidiary of boreal norge , operating road ferries and fast ferries in finnmark , nordland and troms . the headquarters are located in hammerfest , finnmark .
the schindler group is a manufacturer of escalators , elevators , and moving walkways worldwide , founded in switzerland in 1874 . schindler produces , installs , maintains and modernizes elevators and escalators in many types of buildings including residential , commercial and high-rise buildings . the company is present in more than 140 countries and employs more than 58,000 persons worldwide .
abu dhabi terminals or adt was established in may 2006 , by emiri decree no . as the main port operator for all commercial ports in abu dhabi supporting the economic diversification in abu dhabis 2030 vision .
thumpstar is a pit bike manufacturer that was founded in australia in 2004 by timothy hunter , a motor-cycle dealer and racer .
u.s. venture partners , is a venture capital investment firm headquartered in menlo park , california in the heart of silicon valley focusing on investments in an array of segments including enterprise software , it security , consumer internet , mobile , e-commerce , healthcare , and it-enabled healthcare services . since its inception usvp has invested more than $ 3.7 billion in over 481 companies across a broad range of industries , of which 87 have completed an initial public offering .
sundream motion pictures ltd. , also known as sundream pictures is a hong kong production company and distributor . it is a subsidiary of pay tv provider i-cable communications ltd. .
sncf logistics is the division of the sncf group responsible for freight transportation and logistics . the ceo of sncf logistics is alain picard the division includes the activities of : geodis , general land transport and logistics fret .
the state trading organization plc or sto is a public company with 81.63 % of the shares owned by the maldivian government with the rest 18.37 % being held by the public after the ipo a couple of years ago . the company is controlled by a board of directors headed by a chairman .
neff is a german manufacturer of high-end kitchen appliances headquartered in munich , germany . the company was founded by carl andreas neff in 1877 and has been a wholly owned subsidiary of bsh hausgerte gmbh since 1982 .
ro-marong is a private company that specializes in large format printing . founded in sierra leone in 1983 , it has since diversified into other west african countries operating extensively in the print industry , distributing consumer goods and business equipment . as of 2015 , ro-marongs main office is located in lagos , nigeria , where it also diversified its line of work .
bunnies by the bay was founded in 1986 by sisters suzanne knutson and krystal kirkpatrick . the companys focus is on creating endearing gifts for infants . with engaging art and playful wit , bunnies by the bay offers detailed designs and lush materials in timeless products that promise parents and grandparents a cherished heirloom in the years to come .
lago petroleum corporation was an oil production company established by americans in 1923 that exploited the oilfields in lake maracaibo . it was acquired by standard oil of new jersey in 1932 . later it was nationalized .
east india comedy is a group of indian stand-up comedians that performs comedy shows , organizes comedy workshops , corporate events and scripts , movies and television shows . the group claims to be indias busiest comedy company with a record 130 shows across the country in the calendar year 2013 . east india comedy maintains a youtube channel that shows their comedy stints and satires on topics like politics , religion and the indian film industry .
siboney is the name and brand of a variety of rums from the dominican republic produced by bodegas cochn-calvo , s.a.
al mar knives is a production knife company headquartered in tualatin , oregon , united states . al mar knives was established in 1979 by al mar , and has a reputation for making tactical knives of innovative design . while headquartered in the united states , al mar knives are made in japan .
bud plant was a wholesale comics distributor active in the 1970s and 1980s during the growth of the direct market . he also published a selection of comics and zines during the same period . starting in 1970 as a mail-order distributor specializing in underground comix , plant absorbed some of his smaller rivals in the 1980s , and then sold his business to diamond comics distributors in 1988 .
ch energy group , inc. is most known for its subsidiary central hudson gas & electric , commonly known as central hudson . central hudson gas & electric delivers electricity and natural gas to residents of a 2,600-square-mile service territory that extends north from the suburbs of metropolitan new york city to the capital district at albany .
bluegogo is a bicycle-sharing system based in tianjin , china , founded and owned by tianjin luding technology co. , ltd . it operates in six chinese cities , and briefly operated in san francisco , united states in 2017 . the station-less bicycle-sharing system uses a mobile app to unlock bicycles .
hansteen holdings plc is a european industrial reit that invests in properties with high yields , low financing costs and opportunity for value improvement across the netherlands , germany , belgium , france and the uk . it is listed on the london stock exchange .
worldchanging was a nonprofit online publisher that operated from 2003 to 2010 . its strapline was a bright green future . it published newsletters and books about sustainability , bright green environmentalism , futurism and social innovation .
landscape structures inc. , founded in 1971 by barbara and steve king , is a playground design firm based in delano , minnesota . landscape structures has designed , manufactured and installed more than 80,000 playgrounds worldwide .
flybridge capital partners is an early stage venture capital firm with offices in boston and new york city .
reuters group plc was a british multinational media and financial information company headquartered in london , united kingdom . it was acquired by the thomson corporation in 2008 , forming thomson reuters . reuters group was best known for the reuters news agency , which was the original business of the company . by the time of its acquisition by thomson the bulk of reuters groups revenues came from the provision of financial market data , with news reporting comprising less than 10 % of its turnover .
twenga.com is an online open shopping search engine . in 2006 , bastien duclaux and cdric ans created twenga , meaning straight to the goal in swahili according to the companys website , tobring together all online products and stores in one place . twengas 14 websites in ten different languages display nearly 300 million products for 200,000 online shops . the company states it is the open shopping platform with the largest selection online .
james page brewing company is a microbrewery that packages its beer in cans . the brand is produced at the stevens point brewery in stevens point , wisconsin .
vinacomin -RRB- is a vietnamese mining company . the industrial conglomerate focuses on coal and mineral mining and has headquarters in h long , qung ninh province .
21st century film corporation was a theatrical distribution company formed sometime in 1971 as a production company and distributor .
arcimoto is an electric vehicle company from eugene , oregon developing the srk , a tandem two-seat , three-wheeled electric vehicle .
dbtel inc. is a taiwan multinational telecommunications company based in roosevelt rd. , taipei , taiwan .
illegal petes is a colorado-based group of quick-service mission style burrito restaurants that takes inspiration from burritos popularized in san francisco in the 1960s and 1970s .
the american book company was an educational book publisher in the united states that specialized in elementary school , secondary school and collegiate-level textbooks . it is best known for publishing the mcguffey readers , which sold 120 million copies between 1836 and 1960 .
hachette filipacchi mdias , s.a. is a magazine publisher . it is a wholly owned subsidiary of lagardre active , a division of the media conglomerate lagardre group of france .
park electrochemical corpis a melville , new york-based materials manufacturer for the telecommunications , internet infrastructure , high-end computing , and aerospace industries . it produces high-technology digital and radio frequency/microwave printed circuit material products , composite materials .
jaffeholden acoustics , inc. is an internationally renowned consulting firm which delivers award-winning architectural acoustics , audio and video systems , and information technologies design services . its clientele includes performance venues , houses of worship , educational institutions , museums , cruise ships , and legislative buildings .
micros systems , inc. now owned by oracle corporation and renamed oracle hospitality , was headquartered in columbia , maryland , united states . the company manufactured and sold computer hardware , software , and services for the restaurant point of sale , hotel , hospitality , sports and entertainment venues , casinos , cruise lines , specialty retail markets and other similar markets .
birla sun life insurance company limited is a joint venture between the indian conglomerate aditya birla group , and sun life financial inc. , an international financial services organisations from canada . bsli has a customer base of over two and half million policy holders .
iskon internet is an ict company with headquarters in zagreb , croatia . other than being an internet provider , iskon provides fixed line telephone and iptv access , thus offering full triple play service . in 2006 iskon was bought by t-ht and became part of deutsche telekom group , but retained its own company structure and brand image .
gorgeous ladies of wrestling , also known as glow or g.l.o.w. , was a womens professional wrestling promotion begun in 1986 and continued in various forms after it left television . colorful characters , strong women , and over-the-top comedy sketches were integral to the series success . most of the performers were actresses , models , dancers or stunt women hoping to enter show business .
mutual film company is an american film production company based in hollywood , california . the company was founded by film producers mark gordon and gary levinsohn in 1994 as cloud nine entertainment . mutual is a film financier that was involved in the co-production of feature films . mutual notably co-produced and financed several feature films for paramount pictures and universal studios .
central talent booking is a new york-based booking agency with offices in los angeles . since its founding in 1999 , ctb has built its business primarily by finding celebrity and human interest talent for television programs , particularly talk shows , though the company has regularly worked with publishers , developers of web content and music groups .
cork university press is a publisher located in cork , ireland . it was founded in 1925 and is associated with university college cork . the press publishes under its own imprint and two others : attic and atrium .
the bowater mersey paper company limited , commonly shortened to bowater mersey , is a forestry company operating in the canadian province of nova scotia . from 1929 until june 2012 bowater mersey operated a thermomechanical pulp mill and associated paper mill producing newsprint located in brooklyn , nova scotia . annual production in 2011 was approximately 253,000 t of newsprint .
buck knives is an american knife manufacturer founded in san diego , california and now located in post falls , idaho . the company has a long history through five generations of the buck family from 1902 to the present day . buck knives primarily manufactures sport and field knives and is credited with inventing the folding hunting knife and popularizing it to such a degree that the term buck knife has become synonymous with folding lockback knives , including those made by other manufacturers .
igs energy , also known as interstate gas supply , inc. , is an independent retail natural gas and electric supplier based in dublin , ohio , united states . it serves more than 1,000,000 residential , commercial and industrial customers in the states of ohio , michigan , kentucky , new york , pennsylvania , indiana , virginia , maryland , texas , california and illinois . the company was founded in 1989 , and today employs more than 400 people at its headquarters in dublin , ohio .
boart longyear is a global mineral exploration company founded in 1888 . it is headquartered in salt lake city , utah , united states . regional offices and operations are located in the asia-pacific region , north and south america , europe , and africa . the company provides mineral exploration services and drilling products for the global mining industry and also has a presence in drilling water exploration , environmental sampling , energy , and oil sands exploration .
ochre health is an australian health care services company that is headquartered in sydney , australia . ochre health specialises in the provision of health services to outer-urban , regional and remote communities . ochre health is an iso :9001 accredited organisation .
morphy richards is a brand of electrical appliances , headquartered in the swinton meadows industrial estate , swinton , near mexborough , south yorkshire , england . many products were formerly made in its historic home of mexborough all products are now imported .
bharat immunologicals and biologicals corporation limited is a public sector undertaking of the government of india . established in 1989 in bulandshahar , uttar pradesh , bibcol manufactures oral polio vaccines and other immunisers . the company formulates over 125 million doses of opv and had aggregated revenues of 305 million in fiscal 2006 . bibcol is under the administrative control of the department of biotechnology , ministry of science and technology .
falck renewables , a limited company , is an italian renewable energy project developer with a uk-based subsidiary under the same name . its core business is to construct and operate wind farms primarily in italy , the uk , spain and france . falck renewables is a subsidiary of the falck group , an italian company based in milan . founded in 2002 it has become a major player in supplying energy from renewables sources in europe . it currently has over 400 mw of wind generation in operation .
david cutler group , renamed hudson palmer homes in 2017 , is a plymouth meeting , pennsylvania based company and the largest privately held residential builder of new luxury homes and luxury communities in philadelphias delaware valley area .
neurocrine biosciences is a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company founded in 1992 . the company is headquartered in san diego , california , and led by ceo kevin gorman . neurocrine develops and discovers treatments for neurological and endocrine-related diseases and disorders .
beachbody llc is an american multinational corporation that uses direct response infomercials , multi-level marketing , e-commerce and individual sales consultants , also known as coaches , to sell fitness , weight loss , and muscle building home-exercise videos . the company was founded in 1998 in santa monica , california . among their products include p90x . in a 2015 posting to cosmopolitan.com , michelle ruiz reports that some call team beachbody a scheme .
coach usa , llc is a holding company for various american transportation service providers providing scheduled intercity bus service , local and commuter bus transit , city sightseeing , tour , yellow school bus , and charter bus service . it is a subsidiary of the stagecoach group . coach usa and sister company coach canada are the second-largest motorcoach operators in the us and canada .
troy lee designs is an american action sports lifestyle apparel and custom paint company founded in 1981 . troy lee designs is a privately held company run by the founder troy lee and co-owned by investment partners sbj . tlds corporate headquarters is located in corona , ca and their apparel is distributed worldwide .
air florida was an american low-cost carrier that operated from 1971 to 1984 . in 1975 it was headquartered in the dadeland towers in what is now kendall , florida in unincorporated miami-dade county , florida .
reynolds group holdings is an american packaging company with roots in the former reynolds metals company , which was the second-largest aluminum company in the united states , and the third-largest in the world . reynolds metals was acquired by alcoa in june 2000 . reynolds metals became known for the consumer product reynolds wrap , as well as for developing and promoting new uses for aluminum . its rv aluminaut submarine was operated by reynolds submarine services corporation .
spoetzl brewery is a brewery located in shiner , texas , u.s. the brewery is the oldest independent brewery in texas . it produces a diverse line of shiner beers , including their flagship shiner bock , a dark lager that is now distributed in 49 states . the brewery is owned by the gambrinus company , a family-owned company based in san antonio , which also owns trumer brewery in berkeley , ca .
tong ren tang is a chinese pharmaceutical company founded in 1669 , which is now the largest producer of traditional chinese medicine . the company is headquartered in beijing , and is engaged in both manufacture and retail sales , operating drug stores predominantly in chinese-speaking regions . tong ren tang is considered one of the big 4 traditional chinese medicine brands still in existence .
bootleggers brewery , based in fullerton , california , is one of the largest breweries in orange county , california , usa .
krstarica is one of the most visited web portals in serbia . it was founded in march 1999 . includes search engine , forum , online chat , up-to-date daily news from serbia , directory of the local sites grouped by the topics and variety of content . krstarica has 1.6 million visitors per month .
byron hamburgers limited , trading as byron , is a british restaurant chain offering a casual dining service with a focus on hamburgers . the chain was founded in 2007 by tom byng . the chain is owned by hutton collins partners , who purchased it for 100 million in october 2013 .
pt matahari putra prima tbk doing business as matahari hypermart is an indonesian retail chain that sells items for daily needs .
the princeton review is a college admission services company offering test preparation services , tutoring and admissions resources , online courses , and books published by random house . the company has more than 4,000 teachers and tutors in the united states and canada and international franchises in 14 other countries . the company is headquartered in natick , massachusetts , and is privately held . it is not associated with princeton university .
otokar otomotiv ve savunma sanayi a. . , also known simply as otokar , is a turkish buses and military vehicles manufacturer headquartered in sakarya , turkey and a subsidiary of ko holding .
letshego holdings limited is a microfinance holding company with its headquarters in gaborone , botswana and is listed on the botswana stock exchange . letshego is a setswana word meaning support .
chiltern radio plc was the parent group of several radio stations which operated two radio brands in the uk in the 1990s . the founding managing director was colin mason who had previously been programme controller at swansea sound and enjoyed a career as a broadcaster for the bbc and for commercial stations in the usa .
mace is a convenience shop symbol group operating as three separate entities with different ownerships in great britain , ireland and northern ireland . the shops are independently owned and join the groups , paying a fee for marketing and branding support and purchasing their stock from the brand owners .
elgoods is a family-owned regional brewery in wisbech , cambridgeshire , england , which was established in 1795 .
tourism holdings limited usually called thl and formerly known as the helicopter line is a large new zealand tourism company that has been listed on the new zealand stock exchange since 1986 . the company began as a scenic helicopter flightseeing business and quickly grew by acquiring new businesses and diversifying . the thl business is now much different from its early years - in 2007 an extensive asset sale programme began followed by various mergers and acquisitions in 2010-2012 .
cod steaks , ltd. is a bristol-based model making company most notable for building sets and props for aardman animations productions , including all wallace & gromit feature films .
todd-ao is an american post-production company founded in 1953 , providing sound-related services to the motion picture and television industries . the company operates three facilities in the los angeles area . todd-ao is also the name of the widescreen , 70 mm film format that was developed by mike todd and the american optical company in the mid-1950s . todd-ao had been founded to promote and distribute this system .
the van wagoner was an american electric automobile manufactured between 1899 and 1903 in syracuse , new york , by the syracuse automobile company . it was advertised as built on a simple plan that does away with several levers and push buttons and could purportedly be controlled with one hand . during 1900 the model was renamed to the syracuse and was produced under that name until 1903 .
metro is the passenger information brand used by the west yorkshire combined authority in england . it was formed on 1 april 1974 as the west yorkshire passenger transport executive at the same time as the metropolitan county of west yorkshire . the metro brand has been used from the outset , and since the formal abolition of the wypte on 1 april 2014 , it has been the public facing name of the organisation .
aerojet rocketdyne holdings , inc. , formerly gencorp , inc. , is an american technology-based manufacturer based in el segundo , california . established in 1915 , it was formerly known as the general tire and rubber company , becoming gencorp in 1984 , and adopting its current name in april 2015 .
bank of india limited , commonly referred to as bank of india , is a commercial bank in uganda . it is licensed by the bank of uganda , the national banking regulator .
sapphire energy is a san diego-based american energy company that produces crude oil made from algae .
duolog technologies was an irish-based company that developed electronic design automation tools that assist with the integration of complex system-on-chip , asic and fpga designs . in 2014 , duolog was acquired by arm holdings plc , a multinational semiconductor and software design company headquartered in cambridge , united kingdom .
the argentine government owned telecommunications company empresa argentina de soluciones satelitales sociedad annima ar-sat usually known simply as arsat was incorporated in 2006 as a sociedad annima through the federal law 26.092 . at the time of incorporation its ownership was shared by the ministry of federal planning , public investment and services and the ministry of economy and public finances .
ef education first is an international education company that specializes in language training , educational travel , academic degree programs , and cultural exchange . the company was founded in 1965 by bertil hult in the swedish university town of lund . the company is privately held by the hult family . as of 2014 ef had approximately 37,000 employees in 55 countries .
leonard green may refer to : leonard green & partners , a private equity firm based in los angelesleonard i. green , founding partner of leveraged buyout firm leonard green & partnerslenny green , baseball playerleonard green , a fictional character on the television series friendsleonard green , english cricketerlen green , english footballer .
baltik vairas is a bicycle manufacturer located in iauliai , lithuania . tracing its lineage to 1948 , the present-day joint-stock company baltik vairas was established in 1993 after privatization of a state-owned enterprise and is one of the largest bicycle manufacturers in northern europe . baltik vairas focuses on product development , coating and coloring of bicycle components , bicycle decoration and assembly as well as delivery and warranty .
citizens united is a conservative 501 nonprofit organization in the united states founded in 1988 . in 2010 the organization won a u.s. supreme court case known as citizens united v. fec , which struck down as unconstitutional a federal law prohibiting corporations and unions from making expenditures in connection with federal elections . the organizations current president and chairman is david bossie .
turnberry associates is a company owned by donald soffer and his family that develops real estate in the united states . it has developed over $ 7 billion worth of properties . the company is named after the turnberry luxury scottish golf resort on the ayreshire coastline .
fantazzle was a fantasy sports website that allowed users to play daily , weekly , and seasonal fantasy sports games . some of the games they offered were free , while others required a monetary deposit . every game fantazzle offered resulted in an immediate cash prize . the website has since been shut down .
comfortdelgro corporation is a multi-national land transport company listed on the singapore exchange , operating 46,010 vehicles in seven countries . it was formed in march 2003 through a merger of singapore-based land transport companies comfort group and delgro corporation .
the lefebvre brewery in quenast , wallonia , belgium , was founded in 1876 by jules lefebvre . it produces a range of beers including barbar , an 8 % abv strong pale ale containing honey , and the floreffe brand of abbey beers .
traben bass company is an electric bass manufacturer based in clearwater , fl . the company was started by tracy hoeft and ben chafin , and the name is a portmanteau of their first names . the company is a subsidiary of hanser holdings international , and as such is affiliated with companies such as b.c. rich and michael kelly guitars .
danziger werft was a shipbuilding company , in danzig , in what was then the free city of danzig . it was founded in 1921 on the site of the former kaiserliche werft danzig that had been closed after world war i.
rapidsos is a technology company in the emergency communications field . rapidsos first product was the haven mobile application .
xbox entertainment studios was an american television and movie studio based in santa monica , california created internally by microsoft studios in 2012 , in order to create interactive television content for xbox live.and even as humongous entertainment inc. which makes videogames . on july 17 , 2014 , microsoft confirmed that the studio would be closing . on october 29 , 2014 , both the vice president and the president of the company departed , and the company was officially closed .
level studios , is an integrated digital agency within the publicis groupe network . headquartered in san jose , california , the company has additional offices in san francisco and san luis obispo . the company delivers integrated marketing and product development for global brands .
united media was a large editorial column and comic strip newspaper syndication service based in the united states , owned by the e. w. scripps company . it syndicated 150 comics and editorial columns worldwide . its core businesses were the united feature syndicate and the newspaper enterprise association . the newspaper enterprise association once presented awards in professional and college football .
dubai holding is a global investment holding company that develops and manages an extensive portfolio of companies focused on investments , financial services , real estate , specialized business parks , telecommunications and hospitality . it is majority owned by sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum , the ruler of dubai , and the primary founder of dubai inc. -RRB- . abdulla al-habbai has been chosen as chairman by dubai ruler sheikh mohammed bin rashid al-maktoum .
bank of jerusalem , ltd. is israels seventh largest bank , with total assets of 9,301 million shekels .
the luxembourg stock exchange , luxse is based in luxembourg city at 35a boulevard joseph ii.the chairman of the board is frank wagener and the president of the executive committee and chief executive officer is robert scharfe . the exchange has pre-opening sessions from 07:15 am to 09:00 am and normal trading sessions from 09:00 am to 05:35 pm from monday to friday included , except for holidays declared by the exchange in advance .
banco de bogot is the first commercial bank established in colombia .
bean pole , established in 1989 , is a south korean fashion brand owned by samsungs cheil industries . it produces neo traditional family fashion as well as accessories , golf wear , and outdoors fashion/equipment . towards the end of 2012 they added the bike repair shop to their list of sub-brands .
70 pine street formerly known as the american international building , 60 wall tower and originally as the cities service building is a 67-story , 952-foot residential building located at the corner of pearl street and running to cedar street in the financial district of manhattan , new york city , new york , united states .
the christian science publishing society was established in 1898 by mary baker eddy and is the publishing arm of the first church of christ , scientist in boston , massachusetts .
privateer holdings is a private equity firm that invests in the legal cannabis industry . privateer holdings is headquartered in seattle , washington and employs more than 350 people in seven countries . the company is building a diversified portfolio of cannabis brands . the company has raised $ 122 million to date . privateer holdings secured the first institutional investor to enter the cannabis industry , founders fund .
p is the 16th letter of the modern english alphabet and the iso basic latin alphabet .
pt pegadaian is an indonesian government-owned corporation which has a monopoly on fiduciary service in indonesia .
onelogin , inc. is a cloud-based identity and access management provider focused on selling to businesses and other organizations . the companys goals are to use iam to secure user access to applications and devices , reduce it time on user onboarding and offboarding , and increase end user productivity through single sign-on . onelogins open source saml toolkits are now used by over 300 app vendors and over 70 saas vendors to make their apps more secure .
holton is a brand owned by steinway musical instruments conn-selmer division . founded by frank holton , a trombone player in 1898 in chicago , illinois , the firm built brass instruments in elkhorn , wisconsin from 1918 until 2008 before moving all current production to elkhart , indiana and eastlake , ohio .
peoplebrowsr is a technology company which provides enterprise , government and top level domain owners with the ability to launch their own social networks and analyse and engage the members of those networks . an owner of new tlds itself , peoplebrowsr is the creator of dotceo , dotbest and dotkred .
mr. greek is a mediterranean restaurant chain with locations throughout ontario , canada . there are two different franchise concepts used by mr. greek mediterranean grill and express . it is one of the largest greek cuisine restaurant establishments in north america .
markham vineyards is a winery founded in napa valley , california , in 1874 . markham has operated continuously since its founding , making it the fourth oldest continuously operating winery in napa county .
stena line is one of the largest ferry operators in the world . with services serving denmark , germany , ireland , latvia , the netherlands , norway , poland , sweden and the united kingdom , stena line is a major unit of stena ab , itself a part of the stena sphere . stena line also owns the swedish vessels of the otherwise german - and danish-owned scandlines .
flux is a software company that develops and licenses software products targeted for workflow , job scheduling , and managed file transfer . headquartered in boulder , flux also has offices in houston and memphis .
nau is a clothing company , founded in 2007 by marmot founder eric reynolds and based in portland , oregon , united states .
genevestigator is an online platform enabling researchers to globally explore public and proprietary expression data for research and clinical applications . its a software tool developed for biologists and medical researchers to identify novel targets and biomarkers , characterise and prioritise candidate genes , and in general to understand which factors cause genes to be regulated .
gotenna is a brooklyn , new york-based startup that designs and develops technologies for off-grid and decentralized communications . gotenna devices pair with smartphones and , through intelligent mobile ad hoc networking protocols , enable users to send texts and share locations on a peer-to-peer basis , foregoing the need for centralized communications infrastructure of any kind .
medco health solutions , inc. was an american pharmacy benefits management company which served more than 65 million people , before it was ultimately acquired by express scripts in april 2012 . medco provided pharmacy services for private and public employers , health plans , labor unions , government agencies , and individuals served by medicare part d prescription drug plans .
overaa construction is an american family-owned construction company based in richmond , california , which provides general contracting and design/build services in northern california . it is one of the largest contractors in california and is consistently ranked among enrs top 400 contractors in the us.overaa construction has a self-performing concrete capability . the company crews perform about 600,000 man-hours on average each year , three fourths of which are concrete work .
beluga shipping was a german heavy-lift shipping company in the hanseatic city of bremen . it was a world market leader in heavy-lift shipping and also highly innovative in related fields . as such , it was the first to equip ships of its fleet with skysails that can reduce fuel consumption by up to 5 % , and was the first company to send a heavy-lift ship from europe to asia along the northern sea route through the arctic ocean rather than through the suez canal .
goodlife fitness centres inc. is the largest health club company in canada with over 300 locations across the country .
malibu boats is an american manufacturer of recreational boats , founded in merced , california in 1982 , and currently headquartered in loudon , tennessee with additional production facilities in new south wales , australia . malibu is the worlds largest manufacturer of watersports towboats , used both recreationally and in water skiing and wakeboarding events .
trans-island bus services was formerly a public transport operator in singapore . it was incorporated on 31 may 1982 by a firm of singapore shuttle bus as a second full-day run bus service , following public transportation market liberalisation reform approved by parliament . the legislature thereafter proposed the formation of another public bus service provider to establish a duopoly , which would compete with singapore bus services in 1981 .
brugal is the name and brand of a variety of rums from the dominican republic produced by brugal & co. , c. por a. brugal and the other dominican rums , barcel and bermdez , are collectively known as the three bs . brugal has three distilleries , one in puerto plata and two in san pedro de macors .
coast to coast tickets is an american online marketer of event tickets , also known as a ticket broker , operating in the secondary ticket market . the company is based in chicago , illinois . coast to coast tickets entered the ticket news top 20 secondary ticket sellers list at # 13 in march 2007 , and holding the # 4 position as of april 4 , 2009 .
playfish , currently a property of electronic arts , was a developer of free-to-play social network games . playfish was founded in 2007 by kristian segerstrle , sebastien de halleux , sami lababidi and shukri shammas . it closed in 2013 . playfish in the past had attracted up to 55 million users a month , with over 37 million users coming from facebook users . in october 2008 , they secured us $ 17 million in venture capital funding from accel partners and index ventures .
moneyfacts group plc is a financial information company founded in 1988 based in norwich in the united kingdom employing over 80 people .
boo.com was a short-lived , british internet company , founded in 1998 by swedes ernst malmsten , kajsa leander and patrik hedelin , who were regarded as sophisticated internet entrepreneurs in europe by the investors because they had created an online bookstore named bokus.com , the third largest one in the book e-retailer , before founding the new business boo.com .
xtep international holdings limited is a publicly traded sportswear firm headquartered in hong kong and xiamen , fujian , china . it is engaged in the design , development , manufacture and sales of athletic shoes and sporting goods under the xtep brand .
purina mills , llc is the farm animal feeds unit of land o lakes . it was previously part of ralston purina , but the u.s. animal feeds portion was sold in 1986 .
vajra enterprises , founded in 2001 , is a publishing company which produces tabletop role-playing games . vajras games have a reputation for taking the conventions of more traditional genres and turning them around , into something familiar yet different . for example , at the beginning of fates worse than death , there is a page-long list of features differentiating it from traditional cyberpunk .
canteen brewhouse is an american craft brewery founded in 1994 in albuquerque , new mexico .
scotland manufacturing , inc. is a full-service stamping company and manufacturer of deep drawn metal stampings , progressive stamping and value-added assembly solutions . scotland has presses running from 110 to 1,000 tons and the company provides refrigerant , compressor housing , filter shells and other deep-drawn stampings from the industrial , automotive and heavy truck industries .
house of flavors , based in ludington , michigan , is a manufacturer of ice cream that is sold throughout the world . they have a 1950s themed ice cream parlor in front of the manufacturing plant . their signature flavor is their blue moon ice cream .
veolia transport nederland was one of the two transdev operations in the netherlands operating bus , train and ferry services . it was a subsidiary of transdev netherlands . it ceased in december 2016 with the remaining operations rebranded as connexxion , also another subsidiary of transdev netherlands .
evs broadcast equipment sa is a belgian company that manufactures live outside broadcast digital video production systems . their xt3 production video servers enable the creation , editing , exchange and playout of audio and video feeds .
alcobra ltd. is a public , specialty pharmaceutical company . the company is focused on the development of new medications to help patients with cognitive disorders , including attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and fragile x syndrome . alcobra was headquartered in tel aviv , israel , and also had a u.s. office located outside of philadelphia in conshohocken , pennsylvania .
ford-vairogs was the name of a car factory in riga , latvia , that produced license built ford cars between september 1937 and 1940 when it was expropriated as the property of the soviet government . not including the war department orders , ford-vairogs made 200 buses , 1000 trucks and 332 automobiles .
really big coloring books , inc is an american publisher based in st. louis , missouri . the company develops , publishes and distributes childrens coloring and activity books , many of which are over two feet tall . some of their products have been controversial due to their political content .
fsue research and development institute of mechanical engineering , also known as niimash , is a russian rocket engine design and manufacturing company specialized in small thrusters . it is located in the city of nizhnyaya salda , sverdlovsk oblast . it started as the b-175 factory of the nii-1 research institute , where mikhail g. mironov directed the development of liquid rocket engines research and testing .
sti knives is a tactical knife company based in moissac , france . the president and ceo is jeff thenier , who designs the tactical products including knives , impact tools and other edged weapons . sti knives are different from other tactical knives because they are modeled after the hand gun , using pistol bayonet type techniques for combat , these tactical folding knives have multiple locking positions making them able to mimic characteristics of various other weapons .
fidelity printers and refinery is a security printing and gold refinery company wholly owned by the reserve bank of zimbabwe established in 1966 . fpr operates from a printing and gold refinery plant located in msasa industrial area in harare and a coin minting facility in bulawayo .
u-haul is an american moving equipment and storage rental company , based in phoenix , arizona , that has been in operation since 1945 . the company was founded by leonard shoen in ridgefield , washington , who began it in the garage owned by his wifes family , and expanded it through franchising with gas stations .
fox networks group is 21st century foxs primary operating unit for tv and cable . it produces and distributes 300 + entertainment , sports , factual and movie channels in 45 languages across latin america , europe , asia and africa , using several brands , including fox , star india , fox sports , fox life , national geographic channel , fox movies , star movies , baby tv , star plus , and star gold . among their non-linear brands are fox play , fox + and hotstar .
petmed express , inc. also known as 1-800-petmeds , is an online pharmacy , based in the united states , that sells drugs for pets .
david mckay publications was an american book publisher which also published some of the first comic books , including the long-running titles ace comics , king comics , and magic comics as well as collections of such popular comic strips as blondie , dick tracy , and mandrake the magician . mckay was also the publisher of the fodors travel guides .
blue shield of california is a health plan provider founded in 1939 and based in san francisco , california . the organization serves over 4 million health plan members and nearly 65,000 physicians across the state . blue shield of california was founded by the california medical association . founded as a not-for-profit , blue shield of california was stripped of its tax-exempt status by the california franchise tax board in 2014 .
grifols , s.a. is a european multinational pharmaceutical and chemical company from catalonia , spain . principally a producer of blood plasma-based products , a field in which it is the european leader and largest worldwide , the company also supplies devices , instruments , and reagents for clinical testing laboratories .
delaware electric cooperative is a utility cooperative that distributes electricity to rural areas in kent and sussex counties in the state of delaware . the cooperative , which was founded in 1936 , is headquartered in greenwood . it is a touchstone energy cooperative and a member of old dominion electric cooperative , an electric generation and transmission cooperative .
darracq motor engineering company limited was a london importer , retailer and wholesaler of french-made darracq and talbot automobiles , a coachbuilder making regular production runs of bodies for s t d group products and a property holding company on behalf of its parent s t d motors limited . in 1935 its assets were sold following the financial collapse of s t d motors in 1934 . the coachbuilding business was bought by the rootes brothers and lost its separate identity .
freds inc. and subsidiaries operate in 15 states in the southeastern united states with 304 full-service pharmacy departments located within freds stores , including four franchised locations . additionally , freds inc. has 57 xpress pharmacy locations , three specialty pharmacy locations and more than 650 discount general merchandise stores chain-wide . freds stocks more than 12,000 frequently purchased items addressing the daily needs of its customers .
three-sixty pacific is an american video game publisher and developer . founded in the late 1980s by avid wargamers and military history enthusiasts . they were acquired by intracorp entertainment inc. in 1994 .
corner bakery cafe is an american chain of cafes that specialize in pastries , breads , breakfast dishes , gourmet sandwiches , homemade soups , salads , and pasta . corner bakery cafe is considered to be a part of the fast casual market segment of the food service industry , offering a somewhat higher quality of food and atmosphere than a typical fast food restaurant , and offering limited table service .
allied wallet , inc. is a provider of e-commerce merchant services and online payment processing services , enabling business owners to accept credit cards and other payments on their websites . the company has offices in los angeles and trafalgar square , london .
pickuppal online incorporated is a free online ridesharing service , that allows its members to coordinate carpooling and ridesharing activities around the world .
anchor is a brand of dairy products that was founded in new zealand in 1886 and is one of the key brands owned by the new zealand-based international exporter fonterra cooperative group . in malaysia , singapore and taiwan the fernleaf brand is used in place of anchor .
survata is a brand intelligence research company that operates a network of surveywalls , short surveys that run on its affiliate sites that must be completed to access the content of that website , a function comparable to google surveys . survata uses this network to provide survey responses and market research to companies such as clorox , chipotle , aflac , and ogilvy .
associated food stores is an american retailers cooperative that supplies about 500 independently owned retail supermarkets throughout utah , arizona , idaho , colorado , montana , oregon , nevada , and wyoming .
zebra imaging develops 3d digital holographic images , hologram imagers and interactive 3d displays for government and commercial uses . the company offers digital holograms that are autostereoscopic , full-parallax and in monochrome or full-color . they have also developed a 3d dynamic display , which is capable of rendering holograms in real time .
reliant energy is an american energy company based in houston , texas .
starhead comix was an alternative/underground comics publisher that operated from 1984c . 1999 . founded by michael dowers , starhead was based in seattle , washington . mostly known for limited-edition minicomics , starhead also published standard-sized , black-and-white comics in the early 1990s . creators associated with starhead included dennis eichhorn , ellen forney , roberta gregory , david lasky , pat moriarity , art penn , ed big daddy roth , j. r. williams , steve willis , and dennis worden .
zpg plc is a british company , partially owned by daily mail and general trust . zpg focuses on providing users with access to information such as sold house prices , area trends & statistics and current value estimates for domestic properties in the uk . zpg plc is listed on the london stock exchange and is a constituent of the ftse 250 index . its brands include the property website zoopla , price comparison service uswitch , finance comparison website money.co.uk , primelocation and hometrack .
allpoint is an interbank network connecting automated teller machines . it offers surcharge-free transactions at atms in its network . it operates in the united states , canada , mexico , united kingdom , and australia . allpoint is owned by cardtronics and is headquartered in bethesda , maryland .
kingfisher plc is a british multinational retailing company headquartered in london , with regional offices located across the united kingdom and republic of ireland in locations such as cardiff , edinburgh and dublin . it is the largest home improvement retailer in europe , and the third largest in the world . it has over 1,176 stores , in eleven countries across asia and europe , and its brands include b & q , castorama , brico dpt and screwfix .
gimbel brothers was an american department store corporation from 1887 until 1987 . adam gimbel opened the first store in vincennes , indiana , that would later lead to his son bernard opening the first store in the chain of gimbels department stores in milwaukee , wisconsin . the company is known for creating the gimbels thanksgiving day parade , the oldest parade in the country . gimbels was also once the largest department store chain in the country .
olympia capital holdings limited is a holding company comprising several businesses in east and southern africa .
athearn is a united states manufacturer of model railroad equipment , produced and distributed by american hobby manufacturer horizon hobby , inc. of champaign , illinois , usa .
jam ip is a contact centre services organisation , specialising in consulting , professional services , software development , systems integration and managed services . it trades independently within the kcom group of companies . its main office is based in maidenhead , berkshire , with an office in hull , east riding of yorkshire . jam ip develops and consults on applications for ip contact centre management such as text to speech , voice authentication , self serve applications , and speech recognition .
meadowbank manufacturing company was an australian manufacturer in meadowbank , new south wales .
vidotron is a canadian integrated telecommunications company active in cable television , interactive multimedia development , video on demand , cable telephony , wireless communication and internet access services . owned by quebecor , it primarily serves quebec , as well as the francophone communities of new brunswick and some parts of eastern ontario . its principal competitors are bell canada and telus communications .
allco financial group was a fully integrated global financial services business , listed on the australian stock exchange and headquartered in sydney , australia . major services provided were structured asset finance , funds management and debt and equity funding . at one stage before liquidation , allco had over a $ 4.3 billion in assets , and had financed over a $ 60 billion of transactions .
euro marine logistics nv or eml is a european short sea shipping and logistics company headquartered in wemmel , belgium . it is specialized in the transportation of finished vehicles and other ro/ro project cargo .
barreiros was a spanish manufacturer of engines , trucks , buses , tractors and automobiles . it was a chrysler europe subsidiary from 1969 to 1978 .
john thompson productions is a german pornographic film studio , based in berlin , germany . the studio is best known for its bukkake-themed series , ggg however , it has other series focusing on gangbangs , urolagnia and urophagia , bdsm , erotic humiliation and rough sex . the company is one of the best known and top selling german and european porn studios .
anonymous content is an entertainment company founded in 1999 by ceo steve golin . it is based in los angeles with its offices in culver city and new york city .
toytown is the number 2 independent toy retailer in the uk and ireland . providers of childrens toys and entertainment products with 23 stores throughout the uk and ireland . the independent toy retail chain was founded in belfast in 1979 .
kier group plc is a construction , services and property group active in building and civil engineering , support services , public and private housebuilding , land development and the private finance initiative . it is a constituent of the ftse 250 index . it is now the third-largest uk construction contractor behind balfour beatty and laing orourke .
safetran systems corporation is a us-based supplier of switch machines , railroad wayside signal systems , rail transit signaling and rail-highway grade crossing active warning systems .
heroes and villains entertainment , llc is a hollywood-based production and management company .
electronic temperature instruments is a worldwide manufacturer and distributor of thermometers and portable test and measurement instrumentation . eti supplies catering , industrial , hvac , refrigeration thermometers and environmental monitoring instruments to various industries , including food services and production , and chemical , pharmaceutical and construction .
heyday is an independent nonprofit publisher based in berkeley , california . heyday was founded by malcolm margolin in 1974 when he wrote , typeset , designed , and distributed the east bay out , a guide to the natural history of the hills and bay shore in and round berkeley and oakland , in the east bay of the san francisco bay area .
moretti motor company is a former automobile manufacturer that was based in italy . it was founded in 1925 and ceased automobile production in 1989 . today , many of its sports car models can still be found at various european auto shows , . moretti motors produced a variety of models at various times including motorcycles , microcars , and several commercial vehicles .
bentalls is a british department store chain with a branch in kingston upon thames . the well regarded county department store began as a drapery shop , founded by frank bentall in 1867 . the company was formerly listed on the london stock exchange , but since 2001 has been owned by the private fenwick group .
fiction house was an american publisher of pulp magazines and comic books that existed from the 1920s to the 1950s . it was founded by john b. jack kelly and john w. glenister . by the late 1930s , the publisher was thurman t. scott . its comics division was best known for its pinup-style good girl art , as epitomized by the companys most popular character , sheena , queen of the jungle .
gv , formerly google ventures , is the venture capital investment arm of alphabet inc. and provides seed , venture , and growth stage funding to technology companies . the firm operates independently from google and makes financially driven investment decisions . gv seeks to invest in startup companies in a variety of fields ranging from the internet , software , and hardware to life science , healthcare , artificial intelligence , transportation , cyber security and agriculture .
wisconsin coach lines is a commuter bus service , charter coach service and intercity carrier based in waukesha , wisconsin . wcl was founded in 1941 as waukesha transit lines . it has been a subsidiary of coach usa since 1998 .
pphe hotel group is the owner , operator and franchisor of hotels in europe , the middle east and africa . the company is based in st peter port , guernsey , channel islands . the majority of the groups hotels operate under the park plaza hotels & resorts brand , over which the group has exclusive rights in 56 countries in emea , or artotel , a brand which the company fully owns . pphe hotel group also manages the 5 star hotel plaza on the river , london .
divex ltd a subsidiary of james fisher & sons is a scottish provider of diving equipment and related services .
catena media is a performance marketing company based in ta xbiex , malta . the company was founded in 2012 and employs 190 people in malta , the united kingdom and serbia .
varner-gruppen as is a textile firm in norway with approximately 500 stores around the country , including bik bok , carlings , volt , cubus , dressmann , solo , urban , vivikes , wearhouse , levis store and wow . the stores are located throughout scandinavia , finland , the baltic countries , germany and poland . the group has more than 1,100 stores in total .
displeased records is a dutch independent record label , founded by lars eikema and ron veltkamp . the label has many dutch and other extreme metal bands on its roster , but has also re-released many classic albums , including albums by agathocles , cryptopsy , infernl mjesty , sadus , toxik and whiplash . the label also has a large mail order division called discorder.com .
personal was a consumer personal data service and identity management system for individuals to aggregate , manage and reuse their own data . it merged with digi.me in august 2017 , a business in europe that has the same business model of empowering people with their data . the combined company is called digi.me .
greenland minerals and energy limited , is an australian exploration company focusing on acquisition , exploration , and development of its license area over the northern ilimaussaq intrusive complex in greenland . ggg currently aims at exploring of its flagship project , kvanefjeld project , in southern greenland .
columbia pictures television , inc. was launched in may 6 , 1974 by columbia pictures as an american television production and distribution studio . it is the second name of the columbia pictures television division screen gems .
juniperus capital limited is a bermuda-based hedge fund . it was incorporated in bermuda on april 11 , 2008 . the investment management company became operational in may 2008 .
veidekke is the largest norwegian construction and civil engineering company and the fourth largest in scandinavia . veidekkes business involves a network of scandinavia construction and engineering operations , rehabilitation work , major heavy construction contracts and development of dwellings for the companys own account as well as buildings for public use . they recently acquired reinertsens civil engineering arm .
american superconductor is an american energy technologies company based in ayer , massachusetts specializing in the design and manufacture of power systems and superconducting wire . it owns amsc windtech in klagenfurt , austria .
hupmobile was an automobile built from 1909 through 1939 by the hupp motor car company . the prototype was developed in 1908 and had its first successful run on november 8 with investors aboard for champagne at the tuller hotel a few blocks away . the company was incorporated in november of that year . the first hupmobile model , the hupp 20 , was introduced at the 1909 detroit automobile show . it was an instant success .
jam8 is an artists and repertoire based platform founded by indian music composer pritam . the platform aims at nurturing and honing new musical talent and giving them a platform for their work in mainstream indian music .
leucadia national corporation is an american conglomerate and investment holding company based in new york city . the company has been called baby berkshire since it models its investment strategy after that of berkshire hathaway . the company was named after the town of leucadia , encinitas , california after the founders , while trying to decide on a name for the company , saw the name of the town on a sign during a road trip .
cells4life is a private stem cell bank based in the united kingdom . it procures , processes and stores human umbilical cord blood and tissue samples that may be used for stem cell treatments . cells4life stores uk samples and represents a proportion of the uk market . it is also the second private firm behind smart cells in the uk to provide umbilical stem cell storage and collection services .
edentree is an investment management firm operating as a subsidiary of ecclesiastical insurance group and wholly owned by allchurches trust .
general pharmaceuticals limited is a pharmaceutical company based in dhaka , bangladesh since 1987 .
public joint-stock company stakhanov railway car building works industrial enterprise of ukraine , located in the city of stakhanov , luhansk oblast , producing freight cars .
telent is a british radio , telecommunication , and internet systems installation and services provision company . the company was formed in 2006 from the united kingdom and german services businesses of marconi corporation which had not been acquired by ericsson .
first quench retailing was the largest independent off-licence retail chain in the uk , with around 1,300 shops operating under several retail brands , though all have now been closed . at the time of first quenchs closure , these included the threshers , haddows , the local and wine rack chains . its head office was based in welwyn garden city , hertfordshire . on 29 october 2009 it was announced that the company had gone into administration .
mitsubishi heavy industries , ltd. is a japanese multinational engineering , electrical equipment and electronics company headquartered in tokyo , japan . mhis products include aerospace components , air conditioners , aircraft , automotive components , forklift trucks , hydraulic equipment , machine tools , missiles , power generation equipment , ships and space launch vehicles .
kinnevik ab is a swedish investment company that was founded in 1936 by the stenbeck , klingspor and von horn families . kinnevik is an active and long-term owner investing primarily in digital consumer brands . kinnevik holds significant stakes in about 30 companies operating across five continents in more than 80 countries , with a particular focus on growth markets . the largest holdings are zalando , millicom , tele2 , global fashion group , mtg and com hem .
spectrum aircraft was a canadian ultralight aircraft manufacturer that commenced operations in 1983 and went out of business in 1992 . the company was known for its beaver ultralight design , which remains in production by successor companies in the 21st century .
fun bits interactive is an american video game developer founded in 2010 by the core team previously working as titan studios . in 2010 , three of the team members from fat princess of titan studios started atomic operations , which was then renamed as fun bits interactive . after titan completed fat princess , fun bits continued work on the project releasing the fat roles dlc , which supported additional classes , private servers and clan support .
tacori is an american jewelry design house and manufacturer based in glendale , california . the brand is heavily associated with bridal jewelry .
barcelona traction , light and power company was a canadian utility company that operated light and power utilities in catalonia , spain . it was incorporated on september 12 , 1911 in toronto , ontario , canada by frederick stark pearson . the company was developed by belgian-american engineer dannie heineman .
for beginners llc is a publishing company based out of danbury , connecticut , that publishes the for beginners graphic nonfiction series of documentary comic books on complex topics , covering an array of subjects on the college level . meant to appeal to students and non-readers , as well as people who wish to broaden their knowledge without attending a university , the series has sold more than a million copies .
